 Hey, everyone. Welcome to the session. It's great to be here, and we are thrilled to talk about some exciting new capabilities we are bringing in Looker with Studio and Looker, and talk about this new era of self-service and beautiful visualizations with Looker. I'm Shashank, product lead for Looker. And joining me is Jen, also product lead for Looker, and Alexander from Funnel, who is going to talk about our customer story. So here is a quick look at the agenda we have in store for you all today. We'll talk about why self-service is important, how Looker reports can enable you to do this self-service journey, and how all of this works under Looker's robust governance model. We'll also see how our customers are able to grow through informed data-backed decisions by enabling self-service analytics with Looker. All right. So despite years of innovation in BI, data and analytics still remains a human-scale problem. I'm sure all the BI practitioners in the room would agree that we do not have enough data analysts or data experts to answer the ever-increasing questions that our business comes up with every day. This creates significant analytics backlog. It leads to bottlenecks and slows down decision-making. To address this challenge, companies need to explore self-serve data tools that enable the non-technical business users to access insights independently and also do their own ad hoc analysis, which also reduces the burden on the specialized data teams. And we are enabling this by bringing together three critical layers. First, Studio and Looker, where we are unifying Studio's powerful visualization and reporting engine right into Looker, which is accessible for you to build highly interactive and customizable reports. We believe this will exponentially increase self-service and ease of use for you. Second, with Gemini and Looker, we are infusing purpose-built AI for BI capabilities. And all of this is underpinned by the semantic layer for governed BI and trusted AI answers. All this to enable everyone to make better decisions anywhere. Now, let's dive deeper into Studio and Looker. Looker's strength has always been governance, which has a semantic layer which enables standardized definitions and reusability. Now, with Studio and Looker, we are bringing to you the best of self-service, including Google easy reporting, highly customizable visualization, extensive ad hoc data connectivity, and more. So you have self-service and governed BI all in one place. I see a few cameras up. I urge you to take a picture if you want to. This perhaps is one of the most important slides in the presentation today. Thank you. So let's look at some key benefits that Looker Reports provides. First, Google easy dashboards. If you're familiar with Workspace, it's going to feel very familiar. Intuitive drag-and-drop canvas, rich visualization library, single-click theming, filters anywhere on page, multi-page tabbed dashboards, and customized layouts, and the list goes on. It's super easy to build, and I'm going to show you a demo reel soon. Second, a wide variety of data connectors, and you can bring governed BI data from Looker's semantic model data, and ad hoc data sources like Excel all under one report. And last, and certainly not the least, we want you to enable self-service for your users while still leveraging Looker's robust administration and governance models. We have unified permissions using which you can govern the usage of reports, and several other controls to define how users use reports in your organizations, and helps you maintain your data security and compliance. So if that interests you, I'm very excited to announce that Looker Reports, which has been running in preview for a while, is going to be generally available in May 2025 for all Looker-hosted and Looker Google Cloud Core customers. All right. I think now we're going to jump into a live demo. Can we switch to the demo station? All right. Awesome. So I am in a Looker instance which has Looker Reports enabled. I can go here to the Create button, and just like you can start with a dashboard, you can now start creating a report. So report, as I mentioned, connects to a wide variety of data sources, which can be governed by admins. Over here, I can connect and add my Looker Explorers, or bring in Google Sheets, CSV, or Excel data, or even directly connect to BigQuery, and more data sources are coming up. Let's add a Looker Explorer for my instance. So I'm going to go to symbol pets and add this Explorer. Okay. All right. So you can see the data is right here. Now I'm going to add a chart. So take a look at this extensive charting library. We have the Looker Reports. Highly customizable, modern-looking charts. Let's go ahead and add a tree map. I want to visualize how my stores are doing in terms of, let's say, the total orders. All right. We'll let it show up right there in a second. Awesome. All right. A lot of symbol pets there. Let's go ahead and create a calculated field to make it look better. So let's call it a new store name. I'm going to use a replace function and select the store name field because I want to remove the prefix. The search expression obviously is symbol pets. I'm going to replace it with a blank. All right. Let's just go ahead and save it. Super easy to do that and really easy to update this chart through drag and drop. I'm going to replace the field. And let's see if the tree map now looks more cleaner. It does. All right. Like I said, you can build multi-page reports. Let's add one more page. Now, I want to bring in my data of my customer service case counts. It's coming from another system. I have it in Excel. I'm going to go ahead and upload my Excel file. All right. I have one added here. So I am... Okay. Let's upload a new one. So now I can have both Looker model data and Excel in the same report. There you go. The file is uploaded. You can choose to make configurations. If you want to include headers, exclude them, include hidden and filtered cells. Let's go ahead and add this data. Now, it's often important to understand the shape of your data as you bring in these ad hoc data sources. So what I'm going to do is go to the edit data source pane. And I can see the fields here. But let's see how the data looks like. I'll switch to data preview. And let's refresh the preview. All right. So that's my case count data. Yeah. I think I want to visualize how the case status looks like across different case types. So let me quickly add a table. And let's add case status and another dimension for case type. All right. I think I can better visualize this using another chart. Let's quickly change that, right? Let's use a Sankey chart to understand how it flows across open and closed to different case types. Super easy. With a single click, it gives me a new chart. I can even style it to make it look even better. Let's add a gradient. Awesome. Now, not just data. You can also bring in images. For example, you may want to upload your company's logo. Let's go ahead and add that. So I'm bringing in my SymbolPets logo right in my report. I'm going to put it here, resize it a bit. And I want this logo to show up on every page, right? Let's make it a report level component. Let's go back to page one, and it's right there. Looker Reports offer you an extensive theming library as well with single-click theming. You can choose using these out-of-box themes, or you can customize and make your own theme. And Looker Reports are natively part of the Looker's content system. So I can go ahead and save this report into my existing Looker folders. I'll use one of my shared folders. And let's call it SymbolPetsSession. And there you go. I was able to save this report. Now, this was a simple example, right? But let me show you the possibilities, right? They're endless. Let's move on to how a fully polished-looking report looks like. With some more effort, you can create a multi-page report which fits to your brand team, has highly customized and modern-looking charts. You have different pages. You have filter controls added in the report. You can add date range controls to make it interactive for your viewers. You can also add filters anywhere on the page and make it contextual to a visualization, right? So here I have a product category filter which, you know, just governs these two charts. So I can just update my filter and as a viewer do some more ad hoc analysis right on the report itself. It also supports cross-filtering using which I can select a part of my data and have the report update accordingly. Now, I also want to highlight the fact that local reports are part of all existing folders like recently viewed or favorites and you can also search these reports. So let's go ahead and search for the one I just created. Yeah, and there you go. The report shows up here. So easy to discover, easy to build, and easy to share. All right. So switching back to the presentation. All right. So that was local reports for you which brings together Nest of Self Service and Govern BI all under one roof. Can we get back to the presentation? Oh, sorry. It is. It is. This is the video. Let me skip it. It was just in case for backup. All right. So I'm going to hand it over to Jen right now to talk about the rich capabilities that Looker Reports provide. Over to you, Jen. Thank you. Thank you. Hi there. My name is Jen Skeen, product lead for Looker, and I'm here to show a little bit more about what you can build with Looker Reports. With Looker Reports, it's easy to create data visualizations that look beautiful. Just last week, we launched Modern Charts. Our goal was to make it easy for your viewers to understand the data and to really focus on the data while reducing their cognitive load. So we've completely updated the colors, the gradients, the line weights, the text. We're really thoughtful about those color choices. They're much more accessible. It's easy to differentiate between the colors. And then under the hood, we're using Vega as a new visualization library. This opens the door to more customization. For example, you can now update the angle of the text on the lower axis. So just an example of some of the things you can do now. For existing reports, you can turn on Modern Charts. I'll show you how to do that in a minute. And then new reports will automatically be built using Modern Charts. If you prefer the look of the classic, you can always go back to that by selecting a classic theme. With the new VegaViz library, we've introduced a number of new chart types this year. We've had Funnel, Timeline, Boxplot, Waterfall, and Candlestick. And we've also just introduced Data Chips. This is a variable that you create that calculates live data, and you can embed it in any text element in your report. Super easy to create. We have a table interface where you select the fields. You can apply filters. And then you select the cell, really the data point that you want to show in your report. And that data chip updates dynamically as your data changes and as you update your filters. So now you can create a narrative right on the page. With Looker reports, you can, of course, visualize data that's modeled in Looker. And you also have access to a variety of different data sources. For ad hoc analyses, you can upload an Excel file, as Shashank showed, a CSV file, and you can also connect directly to Sheets. You can connect directly to BigQuery, and at GA, we'll offer connections to Redshift, MySQL, Cloud SQL for MySQL, and Postgres SQL. Other connectors are on the roadmap. So now business users can self-serve. They can answer their questions wherever their data may be. And I want to reiterate that, yes, you can upload Excel files. This has been a long-time request from our Looker customers, and it's finally here. You can create reports that combine governed model data from Looker along with ad hoc data from Excel. And we offer a blending capability that allows you to combine data from multiple data sources and put that data not only on the same report, but in the same chart. Looker reports coming from Looker Studio have always been pixel perfect. But now we offer a second option, responsive layout. So you can create one report, and it works on mobile, on tablets, on desktop, on that giant monitor you have on the sales floor with a leaderboard. One single report looks great on all screen sizes. And it's really fun to build reports with responsive canvas. There's a grid. You drag and drop your charts to the grid. It snaps into place. Everything looks polished. Everything looks great. Really quick to create these reports. Responsive is available in Studio today, Looker Studio today, and it will be coming to Looker Reports in the next few weeks. You can distribute Looker Reports in a variety of different ways. You can download a PDF of the entire report, and you can also export Excel and CSV files for individual charts. You can set up report schedules so viewers receive an email that contains a PDF of the report as well as a link to the live report. All of this can be monitored and controlled by Looker admins. And last, as Shashank showed you, we have a new universal search. So if you've been with Looker for some time, you are going to have a lot of dashboards and a lot of explores and models. Add to that the reports that you create with Looker Reports. So all of your Looker content is in the same place, and it's all easy to search. All right, let's hop into a demo. So I'm looking here at a Looker report. I'm going to switch to edit mode here. If you are used to Looker Studio, this will look a little bit familiar, but we've completely modernized the user interface. So you'll notice a few changes here, just a few things to call out. The property panel, that setup and style menu, these have been restructured to make it easy for you to find what you're looking for. And then just one other example of what we've changed here. When you select a date, our date picker is modernized and easier to use. So this is sort of a preview of what modernization is coming to the user interface. This will be rolling out in the next couple of weeks. So I mentioned modern charts. This report was built with our classic charts. And it looks pretty good, but we can see, for example, in this bubble plot, all of the bubbles are kind of massing together and it's hard to differentiate between the data points. Let's see. We've got a sand key chart here. We've got a few things. So I'm going to switch this into modern charts. To do that, I click theme and layout up here, and I just click this enable button. And let's see what this looks like when we switch to modern charts. All right. So you can see now that we're using gradients within these bubbles. We've got a gradient here. And hang on, I'm going to scroll down here. Check out that sand key. So we have, again, new colors, a little easier to differentiate for the eye. And we're really putting the emphasis on the data. If you prefer that classic chart look, we offer a number of different themes. And you can go right back to that classic chart if you want. Here we go. This is the default classic. Looks just like it did before. But under the hood, we're using our Vega visualization library. So any updates and improvements that we make to capabilities, you'll be able to get that. All right. Let's just switch it back to modern. Now, I want to share with you how to create data chips. So in this example, we're looking at growth here. We've got the number of orders. This is from our pet store example. And I'm going to create a little narrative on this page. I want to show the top brand by orders. So I'm going to insert a text box here. Yep. I'm just going to start typing the top brand by orders is. And I just type an at symbol. Then I could select from existing variables or I can create a new variable, which is what I'll do now. So I'm going to say brand one by order. And let's see. I'm switched to the right data source. So this is actually a Looker data source using a Looker Explorer. And this dimension here, I want to use brand. Okay. And I want to do this by order. Let's see. Order totals. Okay. So basically what I'm doing is I'm using a table to create a query. And I can choose which of these data points I want to use. I can sort this, right, by either one of these. But I want ocean bytes. This is the top brand. So I'm going to save this as my variable. So the top brand by orders is that variable with a total of, and I'm going to put in a new variable for the number of orders. So this is basically going to be the same except instead of selecting the product brand, I'm going to take the order quantity. Okay. And I have to give that a name. Let's see. Order total. Save that there. Okay. So this will update. The top brand by orders is Oceanbytes with a total of about two million orders. I just want to share with you that this data chips update as your data updates. So let's take a look at what the top brand is in the state where we are now. Where are we, folks? We are in Las Vegas, Nevada. So I'm going to click Nevada and we'll see this update. What is the top brand in the state? It's still Oceanbytes. We've got a total of 32,000 orders. So that's an example of data chips, how you can add really a narrative to your report using live queries. Great. So you've seen data chips. You've seen modern charts. You've seen looker reports. And so now I'm going to pass to Alex from our partner funnel. He is going to share with you a story of how one of our customers is using looker reports. Thank you. Great. Thank you, Jen. I am going to... Are we back to the deck? Yes. I am going to tell a customer story. I'm Alex. I'm a growth manager at Funnel. And yes, I'm going to tell a story about Funnel, Gina Tricot, and Google. Gina Tricot is actually a Funnel client, so I'm telling a customer story inside a customer story. So it's sort of like a Russian doll of Cloud Next talks. Specifically, this story is about how Gina Tricot went from manual reporting in Google Sheets to automated self-serve analytics in Looker and what that did for the business. But first, I'll just give you a little bit of a background on Funnel. Funnel is a Swedish marketing intelligence platform with over 2,000 customers all around the world, and we're 350 people based in Stockholm, Boston, Dublin, and Sydney. We have three main products. Data integration, so you can get your data from A to B. Advanced measurement, so you can do marketing mix modeling. And marketing reporting, so you can create and share powerful reports. And we are big friends of Google, hence why we're here. We see over 1.6 million requests from Looker Studio every day, so that's when people are editing and using their reports in Looker Studio. We see 100 billion rows of data sent to Google products like BigQuery and Google Cloud Storage every single day. I thought that number was really big, but like, I don't know. And then, because we're a marketing data platform, we have over 550 marketing platforms and integrations. And we actually see 10% of the global ad spend tracked through Funnel every year. For most of you here, you'd encounter Funnel as data infrastructure, and that means it's our data integration part of the app. And basically, what we've done here is we have a modern approach to ETL. And the modern part of it is that we actually store the data enabling for more scalable transformation. Because what we see is that our data integration users are making edits to transformations five times per week, which would normally require them to make a full data reload every single time. But because we store the data, they don't have to. Now, you've just heard about Funnel, and I just want to introduce Gina Tricot, because that's the use case. That's a customer story I'm going to tell. So Gina Tricot have 1,500 employees, and they have 145 stores, so they're an omnichannel company. And they also have a team of 45 marketers. And then you see these two numbers on the right here. They're a $300 million business, and they have two data engineers. And I just want you to remember these two numbers on the right, because I'm going to be coming back to them in the rest of the talk. So Gina Tricot's journey with Funnel and Google products started in 2023, when they wanted to transition from this manual reporting into something a little bit more robust. They wanted to get their data from all of their connectors into BigQuery, so they had all of their data in one place, and they could have scalable data infrastructure. And then Looker Studio made sense for them as a tool at the time, because they wanted to democratize data for every team and get more visibility over every channel. And I think the last thing is that they also wanted to spread automated reporting around the business. They wanted to modernize reporting at Gina Tricot. But very quickly, just a year later, they realized that they needed something that was a little bit more integrated, right? And they needed something like Looker. They transitioned because of governance, scalability, and power. From a governance perspective, they wanted to manage access and also track usage analytics to ensure the business was really moving to be more self-serve analytics and more data-driven. And the scalability, because query costs were getting a little bit expensive in Looker Studio because everything was refreshing on every device. Now it's cash centrally inside Looker. And then, a power perspective. Gina Tricot's marketing team looked around the corner, and they saw an MMM future, and they saw AI on the horizon, and they wanted a tool that was prepared for that. They wanted to make sure that they were future-proof, and they heard what Google was saying, and that's what they were buying. So that brings me to their current data pipeline. And yes, that is a different logo, Looker Studio and Looker, very similar logo, but it is a different slide. So that's 2025. The data still runs from the ad platforms into Funnel and into BigQuery, but they now have all different types of data, including offline transactions from all of their stores and warehouse data. And Looker now hosts over 30 marketing dashboards broken down by different teams or channels, like paid advertising, organic social, affiliates. And I can also say that when I was in Gina's office, I heard someone mention about, like, that big sales dashboard. I saw all around Gina's offices, I saw dashboards sort of, yeah, with live Looker data that they're all looking at, they're all invested in. It's quite cool to see. So this is a quote from Emil at Gina Cicco. Better reporting with Looker gave us the confidence and clarity to scale marketing and e-commerce, leading to 60% year-on-year growth through more informed actions. So I said I'd return to one of those two numbers on the right-hand side of the Gina slide. And that's at $300 million. So up until 2024, up until 2023, 2024, Gina Cicco had been a $200 million business for about 10 years. So they were profitable, they were doing great, but $200 million business. And right when they started their self-serve analytics journey, they were able to scale from a $200 million company to a $300 million company in just over a year. Emil is a humble guy, and he credits lots of other teams at Gina for this great growth. But what I saw when I went deep into their use case and deep into their business is I saw a company that were able to start doing marketing reporting that they could trust so that when they surfaced that to management, management were able to say, you know what, we trust the ROI you're getting from those channels. We can see the clicks and the purchases that are coming from all those influencer campaigns that you're running, and as a result, turn up the dials. Go and spend more money. Go scale marketing. So even though Emil credits lots of different businesses, lots of different teams within the business, I see that the marketing team was the big driver of this growth, and I see that self-serve analytics was the reason for that. So we've just seen from Jen and Shashank some of the new features, and I'm just going to show you some demos for some of those features, for two of those features. which is Looker Reports to achieve ad hoc reporting, and conversational analytics, because I couldn't have a talk at Google Cloud Next without some AI in there, right? And I just wanted one, I just wanted to give a little honorable mention here to Looker Mobile, because Gina have this really fun use case where their data and their reporting penetrates deep within a business. They have a warehouse where they ship all of their products, and they have this guy, Peter, and Peter used to have to try and guess how many staff he needed based on the amount of orders he was going to get. And Peter used to sort of do it with the information he had at hand. Christmas? Get some more people. Think there's a campaign coming? Get some more people. What they did is they created a seasonal regression model in BigQuery, and they send that through, and now in Looker, Peter can open up his phone when he's in the warehouse, and he can see with near-perfect accuracy how many orders he's going to have each day for the next two weeks so he can staff the warehouse accordingly, which I just think is quite cool, because this is someone who isn't sat in the office on his laptop all day every day, like the rest of us, and he can just pull out his phone, have a little luck, and now he gets self-serve analytics on his phone in the warehouse. Now to the demos. So I wanted to do a live demo, but I'm actually going to show you real Genitric code data in their actual instance, so I had to do a video recording for that. So campaign reporting, you can see here that this white occasion report at the top is in the Looker instance. These are all of their different reports that they have for each of their teams. But for Gina, they'd run a lot of campaigns, right? So they can't create a centralized Looker dashboard for every single one. But this new feature allows them to create a campaign report like this on an ad hoc basis that doesn't need to last forever, but still has the same data, the same governance, and as Jen was just saying, it looks very beautiful. And now, they can have this within that same instance. And now, conversational analytics in Looker. I think if you've been to any of the Looker talks, you will have seen some great demos about conversational analytics with Gemini in Looker. And I think this really is getting a little bit of a peek into the future of reporting. And I note here that this is a demo of conversational analytics with real data from Gina's account, and I think it's important to note that the conversational analytics requires a good foundation in order to be able to get something out of it. So, you can see here, they're having a conversation, and they're asking, how did affiliates perform last month? Now, Gina Chico, one of the few businesses that I've seen who are already a little bit ahead of the game in order to be set up for conversational analytics. Not only do they have their data modeled in Looker using LookML, but they also maintain annotations from their marketing team about the changes that they make from a marketing perspective. And those changes are attributed to a date, and those are brought into Looker and also modeled into Looker. So, not only does Gemini have the actual data to work with, it also has annotations to work with as well so that leaders in the business other people in the business outside of the marketing team in the future can go in and have a look and answer their questions without creating more backlog for data teams. The last point I just want to make about this is you need that good data foundation because it still is a case of good in, good out, or garbage in, garbage out. Okay, so, self-serve analytics. How powerful is it when it's done right? So, despite being a large, omni-channel business with the e-commerce side and 145 stores, GD3Co have a lot of data and we're able to build a self-serve analytics machine that the entire business is using that's driving top line and bottom line with just two marketing data engineers who, by the way, were actually data analysts when this project all began and learned to do this stuff. and that's because they chose the right tools in order to build that self-serve machine. So, call me Bias as someone who works in growth and works for a data company but I think that great self-serve analytics can fuel massive growth. Thank you very much. I will turn it back over to Shashank. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Alex. It's always exciting to see customer success stories and learn how they are unlocking their growth potential through informed actions enabled through self-serve analytics. All right. So, we know how important governance is to our customers and we want to make sure that you're able to empower your users for self-serve analytics while being able to use Looker's robust governance and administration capabilities so that you can ensure the data and security compliance across your organization. Let's see some key governance capabilities that Looker reports provide. First, as admins, you have full control over the data your users can bring in using Looker reports. You have instance-level connector controls to turn a certain set of connectors on or off for all users in your organization. With unified user management and permissions, you can govern who can create, view, and distribute reports in your organization. We are extending the existing permissions and their scopes so that you can easily manage and govern Looker reports using your current roles and permissions. We also understand how important it is for admins to get insights into who's using the product and gauge adoption in the organization. To do that, you can now monitor who's using the reports, who are the top report builders, and who is performing what action on the reports using a centralized location via system activity in Looker admin panel. You can use the predefined system activity dashboards or use the explorers to do some custom queries and filtering on that data and gauge the adoption and get insights into who's using Looker reports in your organization. Now, if you're already using Looker Studio Pro and are seeking to consolidate all your reports into Looker platform, we are working on a migration path. we will enable an admin and user-led migration for you to bring in your reports from Looker Studio Pro into Looker. When you bring in these reports, they will become a native part of the Looker folder structure. They will follow the governance model of Looker and the permission model of Looker. All right. So this is on our roadmap and it's going to come later this year. Next, I'm going to show you a demo of some key admin capabilities that come with Studio and Looker. Can we switch to the demo booth, please? All right. So I will go to the admin panel and search for reports and this is where I can enable Looker reports and this is where I can go and manage connectors for my instance. Like I was saying earlier, you can turn a certain set of connectors on and off so that all users in your organizations can only bring in the set of data that you want to. Next, to gain insights into usage and adoption, you can go to system activity. Starting with user activity where you can understand who are the top report builders in your organization and next, if you go to content activity, you can understand how many reports are being created in the organization, how many reports are used and unused based on last 30-day engagement. You can also click on this to understand the next level of details and drill down into these reports and the names of the creators. You can also monitor the popular content and see which reports are getting used more and then you can explore this data and filter it, say, for a certain user. So let's say I want to understand what a certain user is doing, so I'm going to go and add a filter on their email. Just going to put my email there and run it. So this way I can slice and dice, self-serve explore, and get more insights of how reports are being adopted in my organization. Can we get back to the presentation? Great. So, moving forward, I would like to end with a glimpse of our vision to reimagine self-service with Looker. What you're seeing is our vision of a new, modern Looker with a drive-like content management experience where you can very easily filter through and find content through interactive multiple filters on the metadata. Improved search using which you can do metadata-based search and have more contextual ranking in the output. We're also working on other things like seamless sharing. We all have that scenario where you want to do an ad hoc sharing of a report or a dashboard with someone, and you do not want to create a folder structure, so you will be able to just, with the click of a button and picking up an email ID, share a report with users in your organization and a modern explore experience that enables users to do self-service in an all-new, simple, and powerful way. Please go ahead and check out our other session today, which is about Looker and Workspace at 12.30, and our demo booths are open until 3 p.m., and your feedback is greatly appreciated. That was all from our site for today. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.