 Hi, my name is Trevor Johns, and this is a quick recap of the Cloud Next session on accelerating enterprise app development with Gemini and Android Studio. Gemini and Android Studio is an AI coding companion that helps you build high-quality apps faster. Built into the IDE used by Android developers every day, Gemini and Android Studio is designed to help you at every stage of the software development lifecycle. We launched Gemini and Android Studio two years ago and have been continuously improving it with new front-end features and new model improvements. We believe that Gemini and Android Studio provides the best AI assistant for Android developers today, and we've been hearing from many independent developers how much it's improved their workflow. Just like the addition of Gemini and Android Studio for individuals, we've taken the best parts of Gemini and woven it into the Android Studio IDE. Unique to Gemini and Android Studio for businesses, we've added additional tools to customize the AI for your team's internal code base, integrated best-in-class management capabilities, and provided privacy and IP guarantees that ensure you can adopt AI without worry. Based on internal experiments evaluating the impact of AI developer tools and engineering productivity, we found that software engineers are up to 40% more productive when using Gemini as part of their development workflow. That's less time spent modifying existing code, less time spent trying to understand your peers code, and more time to develop new features and write tests for those features. Incorporating AI into your software development workflow means that your team can spend more time being creative while simultaneously improving project velocity. Here at Google, we've seen engineers readily adopting AI in their real-world daily workflows as well. AI-powered code completion now approaches 50% of all manually typed characters within our internal software repositories, all thanks to advances made in the latest Gemini models. With Gemini and Android Studio, we've packaged up these models so that they're available for use within your organization as well, directly into the tools Android developers are already using in your company. This deep integration with Android Studio allows us to bring AI developer assistance to developers across the entire software development lifecycle. Whether it's designing your Compose UI, writing and understanding Kotlin code, debugging your application's Gradle build, or monitoring for production crashes, Gemini is there to support their workflows that matter to Android developers. We reduce friction so that you can focus on what matters, building features that delight your users. Of course, Gemini and Android Studio lets you interact with Gemini Chat directly within the IDE, combining a developer-optimized version of Gemini with local project context designed to help you get relevant and insightful information when and where you need it. IDE integration also means the suggested code snippets can be inserted directly into your editor window, with dependencies automatically suggested and inserted into your Gradle files as needed. We also support live code completion so that Gemini is always at your side, ready to predict the next lines of code that you're likely to write in the most common scenarios based on the surrounding file context. Well, code transformations allow Gemini to interactively generate entire methods, classes, and refactor your code. But Gemini and Android Studio's features go beyond autocomplete. We can help you understand complex code directly in your editor window, suggest improvements, offer suggestions on how to better name your variables, even write your gift messages for you. These features are available for every user of Gemini and Android Studio, regardless of whether using the version for businesses or not. For those organizations who do subscribe to Gemini and Android Studio for businesses, we add additional ability to tailor Gemini's output to your coding standards, a trust and privacy framework including enhanced privacy guarantees, a security management framework which is built on Google Cloud's robust management infrastructure, and all topped off with a suite of observability tools that allow you to track the usage of AI within your organization. All so that you can scale Gemini's productivity benefits to teams of any size. Gemini Code Assist and Gemini and Android Studio for businesses are available for public sign-up today. Pricing starts at just $19 per month per user with an annual contract. We also offer an enterprise edition for $45 per month per user per year, unlocking code customization, as well as support for other Google Cloud development environments such as BigQuery. New customers are eligible for a 30-day trial at no charge, allowing you to evaluate Gemini and Android Studio for businesses with up to 50 users on your team. Gemini and Android Studio for businesses is available now to Android Studio Canary users, and it will be coming to stable builds of Android Studio in the coming months. You can learn more and sign up for your no-cost 30-day trial today to begin evaluating Gemini for your team. For more information, visit developers.android.com slash Gemini for businesses. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you.