 Good morning, everyone. So great to see you all. My name is Praveen Rav. Today I'll be taking you through our perspective on AI-powered operations of the future. You have quite a bit about what Google is doing, many of the products we released, and what's coming and all, but we want to give you a real-life perspective of how it's been implemented, some of the successful use cases. We have two stalwarts in the industry joining me today for the panel, Ivan Boristero and Kondi Baker. So before I call them onto the stage to share their thoughts, I just want to give you a quick overview and kind of talk to you about what this is about and why it matters to the industry. So just to kind of summarize many of the things that you heard about, right? So you've heard a lot about what AI is doing and some of the new products, but I just want to give you a perspective historically, how big of an inflection point it is and what the future holds, right? So if you see AI basically essentially taking a curve, the productivity curve that is flattening, and then essentially it's moving it up like we have never seen before. So if you think about it, starting with scientific innovation all the way to Gen.E.I., Gen.E.I. is expected to have the biggest impact that we have seen in the industry. So that would come through connecting things like never been done before, deriving insights like never been done before, and then doing things that we have never been done before. So just a quick introduction. My name is Praveen Rao. I lead manufacturing industry at Google Cloud. I come from 25 years of industry experience. Prior to Google, I was leading the industry at AWS, IBM. Overall, I've also come from hands-on experience as a plant VP and CTO. So this is really, you know, we are living in the exciting times, and this is the most productivity gain that I've seen from a technology in the last 25 years. So just to kind of recap the value that we are seeing, this is from a McKinsey report. So AI is expected to uncover value upwards of $290 billion. And a lot of those gains would come from productivity and throughput gains, which is really, you know, great for manufacturing. And then we are also seeing AI is expected to compress the innovation cycle by as much as 10 years. So imagine that. Just pause for a moment and imagine what it means, right? So what we thought we could do 10 years from now, we could do it now. And that's the power that you see on how AI is innovating across the board. So the reason how you do that is there are five main industry trends that are really shaping our industries. I just want to quickly touch upon them. First and foremost is we are leveling up the GenEI, if you think about it. So the GenEI that we have, Gemini 2.0, is truly multimodal. So what does it mean? So it means it can see things, it can hear things, it can understand things, it can plan, it can remember things, it can collaborate, and act in a way that it has never done before. So what does it mean for manufacturing? Think about it that in your operations, you have a sentry with very close to human senses watching over your operations 24-7, working for you, and doing things that essentially we have never imagined. So that truly multimodality is a true game changer in the industry. Second thing is the GenEI agents. You heard a lot about agent space, what GenEI is doing. We have also taken the agents and we have further customized or grouped them into five broad categories. One is what you want to do with your customers, those are customer agents. Things that you want to do inside your four walls of the company, that's employee agents. Things that you want to do with the data, right, different types of data, traditional, non-traditional data. That's the data agents. And we have creative agents that essentially help you innovate new products, creative ads, or any other things where you want to get your creative juices flowing. And then last, we also have security agent, which can help you threat monitoring, threat detection, threat assessment, and threat handling as well. So the agents are a true game changer in many ways. And then assistive search. We brought the same Google search that you use externally. We brought it inside as well. Now, with the assistive search, you can search for data seamlessly, whether it's inside or outside. And this has no barriers in terms of where the data resides, which systems you are using, or even Excel sheet for that matter. So this is another thing that is truly shaping. Imagine how much benefit you would do if you want to get, where was that part that I need to send? Where was the drawing that I worked on a couple of years ago? Or we worked on any kind of design that we discontinued that's applicable now, right? So there are many things that you could do with assistive search. And then the customer experience. One thing that people talked about is how hard it is to customize and provide a seamless experience across the omni-channel, right? Whether it's your mobile phone, your websites, your apps, and all those things. So AI-powered customer experience makes it seamless. You can live in one spot and go pick up the same thread on the next channel that you see. That's a true game changer as well in terms of how we want to serve the customers. And you can, through multi-model, over there as well. So you can essentially have voice, text capabilities built right in. And then lastly, the security. So this goes beyond agent in terms of recognizing the pattern, what we want to do, not just in the IT, but also in the OT and ET. So imagine what it means for you are protecting your IP across the things, right? So making sure that. And also, as the AI is getting better, back-dactors are also using AI. That threat is also getting higher, right? So that's where you need essentially AI-powered security. At Google, security is not the afterthought. In fact, it's the first thing that we do. So security is built into everything that we do. That's one of the big benefits that you would benefit from, some of the innovations that we have. Now, to put it all together, when we talk to various manufacturing customers, as you know, manufacturing has discrete manufacturing customers, your auto, aero, industrial product. We have process manufacturing customers, chem and petroleum, paper pulp. And we also have hybrids, like pharmaceuticals and CPG. But when we talk to them, they always come to us with three main needs for them to win in the industry, which is essentially they want to invent a product that is better than what exists today, and then they want to make that product faster, cheaper, better. And thirdly, they want to essentially price that product better than what it cost them to make, sell it at the right price through the right channel, and to essentially the right people. So these are the imperative. But if you look at the value chain, that's not the value chain it is. It starts with product planning, goes through engineering, and a whole bunch of different value streams. The challenge is many of them create their own data silos, create an efficiency path. So that's what we did at Google Cloud is this is our vision for the industry. We heard our customers need, and so we said we are going to create our solutions along those three pillars that we heard, right, which is inventing, making, and selling. And we are going to do that with Gen AI-based agents. So that way, you always have the cutting edge technology, and these Gen AI agents can break the data silos, and you can create a flywheel effect in terms of creating a product, selling it to customer, getting the feedback in real time from the customer or how they're using the product, and feed that back into the product innovation engineering. So you're essentially creating a flywheel that is going to continue to get better. And, of course, security is a table stake. That's why I didn't call that as a separate need. You know, that is something, you know, given. That is part of everything that we do. So essentially what we are doing is we are creating digital threads and digital twins so that you have provenance of information to its inception, whether you call it concept to reality, art to part, cradle to grave, you know, however the way you want to call it. So that's one thing that we are doing, which is really we think it's going to change the game of how manufacturing is done. In fact, we have taken that concept. We are positioning this as industry 5.0. The reason why we are doing that is if you look at the industry 4.0 architecture, it's very monolithic. It has five levels, starting with level 0 to level 5. You have sensors. But the challenge with this is if you see all the solutions on the data areas are classified into OT, IT, and then creates its own barriers, right? So in other words, this is very system-centric, right? Even though there has been OT and IT convergence happening, but still it's not enough to break those data silos. So that's why we are taking this architecture, flipping it head on, and we are saying we don't care what kind of data it is. You know, we know it's a data. It can even be non-traditional data like sound and other things. So we are providing essentially agents and creating agents which are essentially an intelligent entities which can act, plan, collaborate, and work for you, sometime in an autonomous way as well. So we have a multi-agent architecture where agent in general can call another agent, essentially ensuring that you get your business objectives done. So this is a very powerful concept, and we see it's evolving quite a bit. In fact, proof is in the pudding. At Google Cloud, we have more than 10,000 Gen AI models that we use in our operation. Many of the models before we release to general availability, we all Googlers use that for our real job every day. So that's another thing that you would benefit from, some of the innovations that's happening. So I just want to play a quick video to put it all together so that you see how Art2Part is innovating with Google Cloud. So here we are, what we are doing is, this is a product manager looking at their sales and then coming back and essentially saying, what's happening with my sale and how can I come up with better products, right? So if you see that, so they're using a Gen AI agent. That agent is going in and analyzing, saying, so there is a demand for, you know, chairs in the office, but the chairs that we have is not quite meeting the requirement. And then the product manager is asking, okay, so that's great. What else do we have? Have we worked any other chairs in the past that might potentially meet this need? Gen AI is going in and sourcing some of the chairs that we worked on in the past. In this case, it's a Viking chair. And then essentially, they're also checking for regulations here to making sure that this meets the compliance for the industry standards. So that's, and it could even be material selection. It could be any other thing that you do in terms of concept design. And then they're handing that particular concept idea to a design engineer, Mikey in this case. Mikey goes in and then essentially takes the old chair that was not produced, takes the new requirement for antimicrobial chairs in the hospital. And then they go in and essentially fuse these ideas to create a new product that essentially meets the customer requirement so that they could mass produce and then go after a particular segment that they are targeting in this case. So they're checking for compliances for OSHA and other things. And then they are sending, they're releasing this to manufacturing. So now all the data went into manufacturing, as you see. So in this case, manufacturing persona is analyzing the designs to make sure that they can fit it into the production schedule. And then they're also doing a check for manufacturability. It so happens that in this case, they catch that some tolerances were too tight and some were too loose. So they are wondering now if they can submit an ECN essentially to relax those tolerances, they can get it out faster and also cheaper. And that's what the Gen.AI tool is doing for them. So they will go ahead and submit an ECN. And then as the demo goes through, they get that approved. Finally, once the product is done, it goes into the sales and marketing team where they create a website automatically, create product descriptions automatically through Gen.AI. and then they would publish it on the website. So I just want to show you how you can use it in all three stages of the product lifecycle. Right? So with that introduction, I would like to invite our esteemed guests, Yvonne Boristaro and Kohn D. Becker, please come to the stage to share some of the real-life experience. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. So I'll start with you, Yvonne. Tell us a little bit about Honeywell, you know, taking into account that you are both an OEM and also a supplier to different manufacturing companies. Yeah. Thank you. I mean, my name is Ivan Boristaro. I lead a global engineering organization in Honeywell. What we do, basically, we do value engineering and component engineering for all legacy products in Honeywell. It is, you know, it's a lot of products. We have more than 6 million SKUs in Honeywell, and it's a lot of SKUs. As a background, Honeywell, what we do is we serve to a big range of industries, basically focusing on four main pillars. One is building automation, industrial automation, aerospace, and energy transition. And as you said, we manufacture our own products. We manufacture products, I mean, very different type of products like gas detectors, handheld devices, APUs, flight controls, fire system. We do a lot of products. And majority of these products are used by customers in many, many applications. And what my team does is we take all the legacy products and we re-engineering them to identify cost improvement opportunities. Of course, keeping the quality standards and keeping the regulatory requirements for the application. And basically, what we try is to extend the lifetime of the product as much as possible, adding new features, improving the cost, finally to bring more value to our customers, basically. Thank you. Now, I'll turn to Kohn. You know, Micron is a leading brand that everybody is familiar. Tell us how you've adopted AI into business. You're in a very unique business of high performance, you know, high bandwidth, right? And then how some of the customers and, you know, essentially benefit from some of the solutions you have. Sure. Maybe a bit of an intro. So, I'm Kohn. I lead the smart manufacturing and AI team in Micron. Think of it as our internal AI teams, roughly about a thousand people in the organization. That focuses on driving improvements across manufacturing, engineering, but also the business functions. And so, Micron itself, like Praveen said, we make memory products. And these memory products, they're critical for all the AI innovations that you're seeing now. Think about high bandwidth memory that gets basically coupled with GPUs. And that is critical for all the training and inferencing that we do for large language models. So, it's important for our business in general. Sales-wise, AI is an important topic. But for our internal operations, it's also super critical. Just think about it. We're really talking about nanometer level type of accuracies. Just to give you a little bit of a view, if you do, like, you're manufacturing of a front-end wafer. You're typically talking about 1,500 production steps. Takes you, like, 90 days to go through the entire production. You collect a huge amount of data as a result of it because it's highly automated. So, roughly about 400,000, 500,000 sensors, 300 million control points. So, there's no way that you can actually do these controls by a human. So, you do need AI to really kind of sift through that and do that optimization. That helps you with your process control. Keep that within these nanometer type of tolerances. And that helps you with yields. And yields make you basically bring these products faster to the market. So, if you want to drive more innovation with AI, we need to bring these memory products faster to the market. And hence, that is kind of what's really driving us to go faster in adopting AI internally as well. Yeah, I've seen some of the wafer making processes. One of the coolest processes, in my opinion. Can you tell me a little bit more about one of the AI applications that you have developed? Yeah, sure. So, one of the cool things with memory manufacturing or in general semiconductor manufacturing is that you actually take images throughout the entire production process. So, you definitely have like inspection steps like where you literally take wafer images. You also have it at the test steps where you actually can, out of the test data, you can take wafer maps and kind of visualize where any defect is. But also, throughout the line, actually, in most of the production steps, you have cameras that actually detect the wafer or make images of the wafer. So, super powerful to use image analytics to look throughout the line and see where any deviation is happening. So, we use that very, very extensively. Talking about about 100 million of images that run through on a monthly basis in terms of inferencing and finding any sort of patterns. in an automatic way. In a very similar way, it's not just kind of looking at the different images, but also in the equipment itself. Like, you can see the movement of the robot arms or you can observe kind of various things in the equipment itself. So, the videos that you take there, very similar kind of capability, you can look any sort of abnormality, you can identify there as well. I think the interesting part is like as you look to image analytics, it's been there for a while and we kind of really have deployed this at scale and we see the benefits out of it. But now with generative AI, what we can do actually is like create synthetic images and these synthetic images, they really help us to accelerate the training because our training sets are very imbalanced. Luckily, we don't have that many defects, so it takes you normally time to get enough defect images to actually be able to train your models. But by using synthetic data, you can actually train that much earlier. And so you can put these controls much earlier in place and you can ramp the products much faster as a result of it. So Gen AI is a real kind of innovation there that helps us to accelerate and bring new products to the market. That's amazing. Thank you for sharing that. Now I'll turn to Ivan. So Anivel is a leading brand and in fact, some of the things that we showed a brief video in our keynote and some of the things that you are doing in engineering is essentially aligned so well with the first pillar of designing and engineering. Could you talk a little bit more about it and some of the business benefits that you are deriving from that? Yes. Sorry. I mean, at Honeywell, we are very much aware that autonomous industrial operation demand is increasing a lot. At the same time, we know that we have issues in the market. We have shortage on skilled labor. We have increased, massive increase on several industries about regulatory requirements. And the reason why we make this strong partnership with Google Cloud on AI is to leverage all the AI technologies that Google has and as well some fundamental infrastructure that will help us on two main areas. One is to develop more AI in our products, to embed more AI in our products and introduce more AI, increase the amount of AI in our solutions for our customers. This is one of the areas. Then the second one is how to use AI on our internal processes, how we can make our internal processes faster. Maybe you can show one of the slides. Okay, sounds good. At Honeywell, we are very much aware that organic growth will come hand-to-hand with AI. If you imagine the lifecycle curve of a product, we want to impact in the three areas of the lifecycle curve. The first one, we want to accelerate the development time and to come to market quicker. Thanks to AI, we are developing an agent with Google to accelerate our development time and to accelerate the time to market. We are increasing our amount of AI in our products and this is helping us to have more connection between the products and a stronger connectivity in the solutions that we offer to customers. And the third piece that is also very important and brings a lot of value to customers is to increase and to extend the lifecycle of a product. Basically, when you buy something, I mean, all of us happens. I'm sure that people, you are not happy when you buy something and you discover that, you know, in a few months or years, the product is already obsolete. Then what we are doing is we are extending the lifecycle of the product by updating the features and keeping the cost under control. Can you tell a little bit more about the solution you have developed and some of the benefits that you are expecting from it? Sure. For example, in the development part, what we did is we focus in our projects business. I mean, we do, in our project, Honeywell does products and does also projects business. We do refineries, we do warehouses, you know, we do all these big projects or buildings. and in this area, we took more than 30-year story documents, specifications, drawings, and all these type of things. We digitize it. We put it in a digital form. We use Gemini and all the AI capabilities from Google to create a model that will help us to develop the future projects that are coming in a faster way, more efficient way. We'll generate the specifications by itself. We'll create the drawings, the 2Ds, in a faster way, more efficient way, and also with less errors and less reward necessary. This is one project that we are doing. Another project that we are doing with Google is, as I mentioned, extending the life cycle of a product is very important and brings a lot of value to the customers and to Honeywell as well. Then, Honeywell, we understand, we took one SKU. I mean, I said that we have more than 6 million SKU. Then we took what is defining an SKU from a technical aspect. and we identify more than 73 parameters that are defining an SKU. With these 73 parameters, what we did is we digitized them. We took, from these 6 million SKUs, we took 2 million SKUs that are the part from the building automation and industrial automation. and we create a group of agents that is helping us to do the work to identify opportunities, how to extend the life cycle of the product in a more efficient way, basically. And the benefits for the customers is exactly this one, is to go to market quicker. We are able to go to market quicker. We are able to extend the life cycle of a product. we are also able to increase the margins for the company. Then it's also interesting. And we are delivering basically more value to customers. That's super exciting. Just to kind of elaborate more on that, can you talk about how some of the primary ways you are implementing AI beyond product engineering into your core business? Yeah. Maybe you can go to the next slide. Here, you see what I was talking about, the extension of the life cycle of a product. What, as I mentioned before, we took technically an SKU, we, you know, we understood how SKU is defined technically, all the bomb of the SKU, the cost of every component, the inventory of every component, the specifications of each component, and the product itself, the drawings. I mean, more than, right now, we are more than 73 data dimensions from every SKU. and we did that for more than 2 million SKUs in Honeywell. Then, in the past, what we were doing was, we were taking this information, this technical information, we put it on the table with tens of engineers and experts from manufacturing, from sourcing, from many areas, and spending months and months looking for opportunities and combining those and identifying opportunities in a traditional way, you know, like was done in the past 30 years, right? And what we are doing now, what we are building, is we segregated all these activities and we create agents, right? We create AI agents and these AI agents are able to do, they are able to do teardowns, they are able to do shoot costing, they are able to identify alternative parts that are, you know, that are more cost competitive or they are more up to date and you will have a better lead times and longer end of line, they are able to identify alternative resigns and alternative plastics, they are also able to identify areas where you can replace metal by plastic, you know, bunch of agents that are creating opportunities and are creating projects. These opportunities and these projects, then they need to be assessed by, in the past, they were assessed by engineers to make a feasibility analysis, you know, some testings and so on. What we are doing also with agents is we are also automating that part and doing some virtual assessments, prioritization, feasibilities, and at the end of the day, we are reshaping and we are redefining all the, you know, how we were operating in the past 30, 40 years thanks to the agents. That's amazing. Now I'll turn to Koonz. You know, you guys are doing an amazing work in manufacturing with AI. Can you talk a little bit about what are some of the primary things that manufacturers would need to evaluate, think about, so that, you know, their end product AI is successful? I think there's a couple of particular things about manufacturing industry. I would say in general, I used to be a consultant prior to joining the industry, so I've seen quite some industries. In manufacturing, there's a very wide range of use cases you can go after. Yes. And, you know, when you're in e-commerce, for example, it's very straightforward to say, these are my top use cases and that's where I'm going to put all my effort on. In manufacturing, you can go very, very broad. So you do need to have really the domain knowledge of people to say kind of where the biggest opportunity is, because you can go chase a lot of things, and sometimes they're not the biggest things to go do. So it's actually a broad basket of use cases you can go after. So I think that's one particular area. I think the other piece of it is, typically, many of our manufacturing sites will actually be having different backbones, different ERP systems, because they got bought together. So over time, they're not all at the same level. So creating that sort of foundation, that data foundation, of making sure that something that you deploy in one factory can be deployed to the rest of the network, that is really super important. Because if not, you stay with smaller scale type of pilots or something that's deployed in one side, one factory, but then guess what? All the other factories are not able to adopt. So that's the key thing about scaling and about making sure that the investments you're doing actually pay off at scale. And I think the last piece is maybe not just manufacturing industry, but I do think a lot of hesitation to adopt new type of solutions. So I think the biggest key there is to make sure that whatever you develop is not like a standalone type of solution that is kind of separate from it, kind of like the AI that you need to go to, kind of like an separately reach out to, but it's really embedded into their day-to-day workflows and processes. Because I think it becomes much more natural for people to start adopting it, otherwise it is really yet another application that they need to go to and they've been so used to what they've been doing before. So it is kind of dragging it into their own day-to-day processes is super important. Very true. Human in the loop. Yes, that's amazing. So now I'll turn to Ivan. We hear a lot of things about the business efficiency gains. McKinsey says, your former company, you can drive 40% efficiency, 140% throughput. Could you tell us about what's your view about how much business efficiency we can drive with AI? Yeah, it's a great topic. I mean, a lot of people are talking about it. What we quantify is with, I mean, if you go back to that slide, we quantify that with this process, I mean, introducing all these agents and doing all this with, you know, with agentic AI, we are able to optimize 70% of the process of generating ideas, generating opportunities, and implementing projects. this is massive. This is really massive. But we don't want to stop there, right? I mean, one thing is to gain efficiency, but what we see here is a game changer. I don't see this just, we are not doing this just to be more efficient and to be quicker. We are doing things to change the way how we work and how we operate, basically. things like adding an agent to understand the market and understand the features that one of our product is missing to be able to serve that market is the area that we are going now. We are going into understanding agents that will understand markets, will understand the features that we have, analyzing also making a competitive benchmarking to see what features customers will need in certain markets, then we can develop that product to serve that particular market and to drive more organic growth into the organization. And this will reshape the shape I was showing before about the life cycle, because by doing projects quicker, by having more products more connected and having bigger interconnectivity between the solutions. And extending the life cycle, but also understanding what are the features that we need to do for the future projects to serve other markets is coming back. And we are creating an AI machine that is reshaping the life cycle of a product, but it's also reshaping the way we operated in the past years. And this for me is extremely exciting. That's amazing. Thank you. I'll turn to Kuhn. You talked about having human in the loop, taking human along. The next question is, there is also a saying, people support what they help create. So I want to double click more on your change adoption and governance on how you're really implementing the AI, especially in a large, multi-global setting that you have. Could you talk more about that? Yeah. There's multiple dimensions of it. One I mentioned is making sure that the data infrastructure is common across, so you have the capability of scaling. But I think the other component of it is how you organize yourself. It's very easy in an organization that's very big and with multiple locations to say, okay, everybody goes and innovates, off you go, which is great. You get quick results, but then very hard to get it aligned across the network again. So one of the things that we try to do from an organization point of view is to basically centralize all these resources from an AI development point of view, yet have them locally embedded. So the resources are not all centrally located. They're located with the factories or with the respective functions that they work with, so that you get the combination on the one hand, you're closely linked into the business, and you're kind of there to be very responsive. You can drive a lot of innovation, yet at the same time, it still reports under one umbrella, so you can drive that governance and you can drive that alignment across, which I think is a very important component, which often is the challenge in organizations. You've got many, many dynamics, and it's very hard to get everybody aligned. So that's one of the bigger changes that we did, and I can really see that being awful long. Yes, totally agree with that. Just kind of looking ahead, AI capabilities are exploding in the market. Now we have multi-model, which can do amazing things. We have different industry-specific LLMs coming up already, and then basically text, video, and many other things. So looking ahead, what are you most excited about in the future? Where do you see this going? Yeah, I think the last couple of days we've all been talking about agents, right? So that's pretty much the theme of the day. But I do think if you take that one step further, what is needed for us in a very domain-heavy type of industry, you really need to combine that agent capability with advanced reasoning type of capabilities, so that you really look at what does an experienced engineer do? An experienced engineer basically will run through a set of analysis, and based on the outcome of one analysis we'll run the next one, and based on those insights we'll then go take actions based on the knowledge that is there. So to be able to automate that, you do need to get the different components together. You do need to have search components, you do need to have agents, you do need to have reasoning capabilities, and I think that's what I'm really excited about. If we're able to chain these together, and the building blocks are really there, it all comes down to how do we capture the domain knowledge, and how do we really get to the point where we get AI agents that are smart enough to replicate what an experienced engineer is able to do, whereas I think we're currently at the level where it's more the junior engineers able to do, and pushing that boundary of embedding more and more of the domain knowledge, which will mean more and more domain specific type of models that are needed. So that is really what I'm excited about, because that is where we're always constraints in terms of resources, and that would really accelerate the business. Yes, I can't wait for that, too, and it certainly looks, the future looks bright. But there is a saying, right, this is a question for both of you as well, there is a saying, you can only improve what you can measure, right? So, and that's very true for many of the productivity gains that we gain from AI as well, especially if there are people out there trying to justify the investment to their CFOs and, you know, other things, right, because finance matters. So, question for both of you, how do you measure the ROI, especially when you are going through such an innovation, and you know, early in the game, too, right, how do you measure the ROIs and what advice you have for the audience to think about implementing AI? I mean, to add a little bit more on that topic, how I see this reasoning is, you know, it's very necessary, but what I see is that, and this is, this link it into ROI, I see the agents, they will, we will, you know, we'll not have any more the mindset on thinking about silos, you know, this is what engineering does, this is what sourcing does, this is what manufacturing does, offering management, I think that we will create agents that they do multi, they are multidisciplinary, you know, and we will stop thinking about, you know, silos and being more multidisciplinary agents, and this, at the end of the day, brings, brings, brings return, because we cannot be comparing what, how I am doing it today with these new agents that, you know, they are combining too many things, you know, right now, what we are measuring or what, how we are envisioning that is that by adding these agents, they should, they should give us 10 times more, 10x more than what we are getting, exactly, what we are getting today, and on top of that, on a faster pace, you know, then this is our, you know, our target. Certainly you have a very high bar, I can see. I don't think so. I think that if we are able to make this happen, I mean, as I'm telling you all these multidisciplinary agents, I think that we are probably talking about 100x. I believe so. That's amazing. You know, I'm excited about that as well. Now, what's it? Maybe to add a bit to that, I think it really depends on, like, what industry you are or kind of, like, what focus you have. If I talk about Micron specifically, I often get asked about, like, what productivity gains can we get from Genii. Then productivity gains in itself, if you translate that to labor productivity, actually not a big deal, to be honest. It's, you can get labor productivity gains, and what do you do with those gains? Like, where do you invest that time in? I'll give you a very, very practical example. The bottleneck tool in semiconductor manufacturing is lithography. The most expensive lithography tools, EUV tools, they cost 100 million, 200 million dollars. So, that is the thing to go optimize. You know, like, a lithography engineer and saving a couple engineers there, that is not a deal. But if you free up some of the time of the lithography engineers so that they can create more output out of these bottleneck tools or better yields, then you're talking about tens of millions, hundreds of millions of benefits. So, I think it's still important to kind of link it back to kind of like, you know, what drives your business, right? Like, what are the biggest needle movers? For some companies, that can be labor. But for many companies and industrials, that is actually not a labor kind of question. It's much more asset productivity or drive products faster to the market, et cetera. Amazing. So, if I were to summarize what I heard from both of you is, if you're thinking about GNI projects, you know, the advice that we hear from our industry startups is think big, start small, move really fast, right? And then create this self-funding model to be able to implement GNI. So, that's where Google Cloud comes into play as well. As you know, Google Cloud is one-stop shop where we provide high performance infrastructure powered by TPUs specifically designed for AI. And then we provide essentially LLMs or model garden in Vertex AI can support more than 150 different LLMs. So, we don't vendor lock you and you can even bring any model that works for that particular case. Right? Certainly, Gemini is up to 2.5. It's truly multi-modal. So, we hear many great use cases from our customers that we might not have thought about or so many times we learn from our customers too on what they are doing and how they are really leveraging some of our solutions. solutions. So, that's where I would encourage you guys to when you go back to your places, think about what's the one disruptive thing that you can do to transform your company. And then certainly, you have plenty of help to kind of really make that a reality. Everything starts out as a thought or an idea, right? So, that's how we are here. So, and then a quick why Google Cloud is certainly, you know, we are one of the most open source per se, hybrid, most secure cloud provider that's out there. We've always been known as an innovator. We know how to innovate at scale and also diffuse that innovation into the market. And that's what we have been doing for, you know, well over 15 years. And then certainly, you know, we can organize a wide variety of data, especially in manufacturing. It's OT, IT, ET data. And then we're also certainly very planet conscious and sustainable in what we do. So, certainly, you know, we'd love to hear more about from you on what you guys are thinking and getting you guys here to kind of talk about some of the things that you have achieved in the period of time. With that, that brings a close to our discussion today. I would like to thank both Ivan and Kuhn for the wonderful insights that you have shared and hope you have the wonderful rest of the conference and a safe flight back home. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Thank you.