 I'm Justin Keeble, and I'm the Managing Director for Global Sustainability at Google Cloud. Here at Google Cloud Next, we ran a panel on building the tools for business insights from sustainability data. Now, we're very fortunate that we have built a program of fantastic Google Cloud ready sustainability partners. And I had on stage today Watershed, ESG Book, and Deloitte. And there were really three key themes that came out of the discussions. Firstly, this is all about business value. So many companies have been embracing sustainability data for the purposes of regulatory reporting. But actually, it's a very clear indication today that we can manage this data and draw insights for three drivers of value. One is about resilience, particularly to physical impacts of extreme weather and climate change. We can drive efficiency, which is about managing data for resource and energy efficiency to cut costs. And we can use this data to be able to drive new growth as consumers and industries transition towards more sustainable business models. So that was the first insight. This is about business value. Now, secondly, we're seeing a new systems of record emerge for businesses. If you think about ERP and then CRM, we're now in this new era of sustainability data. It's a new systems of record for companies. It's very much in its infancy as regulators and standards develop new metrics for sustainability or environmental, social, and governance performance management. And so we believe that cloud technologies will be at the heart of that new systems of record, helping companies to measure that data and to be able to integrate it into business decision making. And the final insight is that today AI is going to supercharge this agenda, both in terms of how we draw in sustainability data, for example, from novel sources. So geospatial analytics, for example, where we can use AI to do planetary scale monitoring of earth, of agriculture, of commodities, of transport movements, of real estate. And these insights can help companies better understand and manage the impacts across their operations and their supply chains. But we're also seeing AI being used for agents to help companies draw insight, process that data, and importantly, use it to inform their stakeholders. So for example, agents that will support the process of sustainability disclosure. So those are the three key insights, business value, this new systems of record, and then how companies are embracing this new era of AI. Thank you.