 JAMES MAAUSKI- Hi. I'm James Ma, and I'm a senior product manager for Cloud Run. And today, I want to share some exciting new features for building event-driven applications using Cloud Run and Event Arc Advanced. Functions are a lightweight compute solution for developers to create single-purpose code snippets that respond to events without the need to manage a server or runtime environment. With Cloud Run Functions, we've simplified the developer experience for authoring functions, letting you create and manage functions directly within Cloud Run. If you're familiar with Cloud Functions, you could use the exact same code with no rewrites required. With Cloud Run Functions, we've also upgraded all second-generation functions to become Cloud Run Functions. Second-generation functions now have immediate access to all Cloud Run features, including GPUs. Using the Cloud Console, you can create new functions directly within the Cloud Run Source Editor. This is where you can go to also find existing functions you may have created with Cloud Functions. We are also preserving both APIs. You can either use the Functions API or the Cloud Run API to manage your functions. Both will let you manage the same underlying function on Cloud Run. No matter how you choose to create functions, you now have access to all of Cloud Run's features, from GPUs to direct VPC egress. You also get access to independent event management, giving you the ability to create multiple triggers on a single function. You also no longer have to redeploy your function whenever you manage your triggers. Finally, you also have more control over your runtime environments. As always, when you create a function, you get access to Google's managed language runtimes with zero downtime and automatic security updates. Building upon the advancements with Cloud Run Functions, we're also excited to share with you EventArc Advanced. When working with event-driven architectures, scaling these architectures can be incredibly challenging for large teams and organizations. For publishers, it's hard to publish events that require new orchestration and new infrastructure for these publishing paths. For platform administrators, it's hard to make access control decisions when it's done in a decentralized way. And for the consumer of events, it's hard because they have no control over the format and the schema of the incoming message. We're introducing EventArc Advanced as a new and powerful tool to help you with these problems. It's designed to help you build event-driven applications at enterprise scale. We're introducing three new concepts with EventArc Advanced. A message bus, a single place to publish and access events, and a single place for control to observe the end-to-end flow of messages. We're also introducing enrollments. This allows you to filter messages from the bus in a granular way. And finally, pipelines, they provide control over the message shape and format before delivery. We're excited to see what you'll do with Cloud Run Functions and EventArc Advanced as you continue to build your event-driven applications. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.