 Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you so much for joining us today. We actually have a jam-packed agenda for this session. We're going to be talking about everyone's favorite topic, digital sovereignty. Anyone not reading the news these days? All right, so you are in the right room for the right reason. That's great to hear. We'll talk a little bit about Google's sovereign philosophy. We'll then talk about the solutions that we have to offer in this space. We'll dive a little bit deeper into one of the solutions, do a demo, and then after that, I have an exciting set of panelists that are going to join us to talk about their journey in this space as well. So stay tuned. I'm Archana Ramamurthy. I've been with Google for about four years at this point, and I lead up. The Product Management Organization for Regulated and Trusted Cloud, and sovereignty falls under my portfolio. So why are we here today? Why is sovereignty becoming important? And I think almost everyone in this room knows the reasons why. The regulations around the world are constantly changing. In fact, it's becoming even more rapid these days thanks to the geopolitical situation globally. So pretty much in every part of the world, governments are sitting up, countries are thinking about their policies around digital transformation, and folks are actually thinking about the set of products and capabilities they need to use in order to innovate efficiently, utilize capabilities like AI within their ecosystem while meeting all the regulatory requirements that are required for their particular vertical. Now, at Google, we've been thinking about sovereignty for quite some time now, developing products and capabilities. Our journey started in 2019, where we particularly spent a lot of time with the European Union, with regulators in Europe and other parts of the world, to actually design and think about digital sovereignty. And one of the things we understood is, if I actually go around this room and ask each and every one of you to define what sovereignty means, you all will probably give me very different answers, right, depending on what you read in the news this morning, depending on what your country feels about sovereignty or your industry feels about sovereignty. The beauty, though, is one consensus definition we've heard from a lot of folks is the ability for a customer to have complete control over their data and their assets. And this is the one joint sort of definition that we've heard from a lot of customers. So for us, we've realized that there is no single silver bullet that's going to tackle and solve all the sovereignty problems we have in the world. So we're going to have to provide customers with choice. And this choice is going to let you pick the type of solution that meets the needs of the workloads that you're planning to bring on to the cloud. Second, we cannot do this by ourselves. Google is trusted in certain markets. In some markets, we're not. And inherently, we need to make sure that we're collaborating very, very closely with local partners in different parts of the world to make sure that we're bringing in the right set of partners to work with us to deliver these solutions to the market. And number third, the thing we need to keep in mind as we're building these solutions is that these regulations are only going to change. We need to be able to give you the confidence that the solutions that we're building will stand the test of time and that you can bring different types of workloads onto these products to continue meeting those regulatory requirements and that Google will be a partner with you in this journey to help you change your product capabilities depending on how the regulations change over a period of time. Now, based on this, there are three suites of solutions or three product solutions that we offer within our Google sovereign cloud portfolio. The first is sovereign controls on GCP. So there are always going to be a set of workloads, a set of data, a set of capabilities that have to run on public cloud. And for these workloads that need to run on top of public cloud, we want to provide the right sovereign controls and guarantees to provide you with the strongest data boundary possible. And this means there's data location, which is one part of the problem. So we want to make sure that we give you the ability to define the location where your core customer content needs to stay. And second, we need to manage data access for you. At all times, you need to understand and know that you are under control when it comes to your data. This means providing customers with the ability to manage their encryption keys outside the context of Google and also layer on access justification anytime Google needs access to those keys. So you as a customer then holds and controls the data access flows and you also clearly understand that you manage the encryption keys that hold the keys to your kingdom. The second part is Google's sovereign cloud. There are countries like France where the regulatory needs are pretty high, right? There's Seqnum cloud in France. And there, you need the ability to actually run your workloads in a dedicated infrastructure that is a cloud infrastructure with the same set of services, but that is not connected to the rest of the Google universe. And we provide that using Google's sovereign cloud. And third, you might have workloads that actually have air gap needs, meaning you need data sovereignty, you need the operational sovereignty, you also need software sovereignty, and you want to be able to run your workloads disconnected for certain reasons. This could be defense workloads, intelligence workloads. And for that, we have Google Distributed Cloud. And in each of these solutions, we layer on partners. For the sovereign control solution, we basically have partners that manage the external keys on behalf of a customer. In terms of Google's sovereign cloud, we can actually have a partner completely take on operational control of that cloud. And in Distributed Cloud, again, you can have a customer running their own instance of that private cloud, or you can have a partner run it on your behalf. Now, in terms of availability, we have sovereign solutions in various parts of the world. And in many of these cases, we start from the most basic fundamental set of compliance capabilities required, the baseline capabilities required for customers to run their workloads, all the way up to the highest level of sovereignty in many countries, where we see the regulations have evolved to require that sort of support. We also work very, very closely with a set of partners that deliver these sovereign solutions to our customers in these different markets. Now, let's double-click on the second bucket I talked about. I talked about Google's sovereign cloud and the capability for us to actually provide a dedicated infrastructure within the boundaries of a country. Now, this sovereign cloud has certain capabilities, and I want to basically demonstrate those. First, as I said before, this is a dedicated sovereign infrastructure within the boundaries of a country. This means everything from the network layer to the infrastructure layer to the platform layer to the application layer is all hosted within the boundaries of a country or a region or a jurisdiction. Number two, the operations of this cloud and the support of this cloud is done locally with personnel that are approved to actually do and run this cloud. The third is it basically has its own roots of trust, which means this is not the same roots of trust as the Google cloud universe. This is a completely different root of trust for this particular universe. And then any updates that are coming to this cloud is coming in via a boundary proxy. So you can think of it as any software updates that are coming into this cloud environment is coming in through this boundary proxy. And any telemetry data that actually needs to go back to Google also goes through this boundary proxy. And this is not customer identifiable data, but I'm talking about instances where, you know, you need to manage capacity, you need to manage infrastructure, Google needs to understand some of this so that we can actually change and manage the hardware within that ecosystem. That's the kind of data that actually goes back. And then lastly, this boundary proxy and this cloud in general is highly inspectable by a third-party assessor. So if I'm a third-party, I can actually assess the cloud by looking at these different control points and also looking at the boundary proxy. And I can give my own attestation and verification of how sovereign this cloud environment is for customers such as yourselves. Now, we have some exciting news to share with you. So over three years ago, Talos and Google Cloud had a partnership, and we basically joined forces to create a new company that is under French law, fully controlled by Talos called Sans. And this is to jointly develop a trusted cloud capability for France. So it's the same capabilities that I talked about in my previous slide. And we're announcing the private preview of trusted cloud for customers to use in the context of France and in the context of Europe. And this is the first SecNum cloud-compliant offering that's going to be available in the French market by a hyperscaler. And this allows customers such as yourselves to utilize the capabilities within the boundaries of the European Union to have a hyperscale cloud with the same set of capabilities, with the same APIs, with a complete look and feel of public cloud, but actually operating within the boundaries of France. And Sans will be fully operating this cloud and owning this entity, which means that, you know, all of the operations, all of the support is actually provided by Sans in this case. And in a few minutes, we'll have a panel, and Ciprian, who's the CEO of Sans, will be joining us on stage as well. Now, outside of this, we're seeing interest in Google's sovereign cloud across the European Union, and we're also working to build a dedicated infrastructure instance also in Germany to meet the needs of the German government and also the rest of Europe. So stay tuned on that. More to come on that front. But we're working very closely with the regulatory bodies to actually work on this cloud and launch this. The other area of interest for a lot of customers is sovereign AI. You basically saw the announcement from Thomas this morning, which announced that our Google distributed cloud will have Gemini running on it. Outside of that, within every layer of the ecosystem we talked about, for all the products within our sovereign portfolio, we're introducing AI capabilities so that you don't really have to compromise at the end of the day for sovereignty versus AI. You can use both in tandem, and you can actually have a very strong digital transformation strategy that utilizes Gen AI while maintaining and meeting all the regulatory requirements within the boundaries of your country. So with that, we're going to jump in and do a little demo. So how many of you have gone through health insurance claims for yourself, for your families in the past? And how pleasant is that process? I can say it's not pleasant. So health insurance is a highly regulated industry, as you all know. And, you know, health insurance claims in general, when people go through that process, it can be very time-consuming. A lot of times it's anxiety-inducing. And many times you might get results that you might not be comfortable with or you don't agree with. And if you actually flip the equation and look at it from a health insurance provider's perspective, health insurance providers get a lot of health insurance claims on a daily basis. The volumes and complexity of these claims are actually changing very rapidly. And as a health insurance provider, I need to make sure that I'm processing these claims in a timely manner but also accurately, because any time I'm not accurate about my claim processing, it results in a very costly sort of reprocessing process, which, you know, as a provider, I don't want to go through. So what we're going to do in this particular demo is we're basically going to set up within the SANS environment. So I'm actually going to show you a demo that is built up on this Google Sovereign Cloud in France, which is the trusted cloud for SANS. And the environment is going to have a bunch of Google services. So we're going to basically have BigQuery. We're going to have cloud storage. We're going to be using some of our capabilities inherently with our BigQuery ML. And then we're actually going to run a Mistral LLM 24 billion parameter model on top of it. And then the application we're going to build has two parts. The first part of the demo is actually going to go through the process of a claims assessor actually using Mistral LLM behind the scenes to run through two different claims. You'll see one of the claims passing and one of the claims not going through. But the LLM is actually using all of the documentation for the claims behind the scenes and providing the assessor with validation and input on whether they should actually approve or deny the claim. The second part of the demo is actually going to take a data scientist view. So the data scientist can then behind the scenes use a Jupyter notebook, and then they can assess all of the historical claims that they have within the portfolio. They can do a risk assessment of those claims and get a model trained on how future risks and future claims need to be processed. So that's what we're going to go through now. And we'll roll the demo. So as you can see, this interface that you're going to witness is going to be very similar to what you see with Google Cloud. So the console experience is very familiar to Google Cloud users. And what we're going to do is we're going to click on the left panel, the left panel Kubernetes engine and pick the Kubernetes cluster that we've configured for this particular demo. So we're picking the cluster that is running the demo. And after we pick the specific cluster, we're going to notice that this cluster is actually running on the SANS domain. And here we're processing the claims. As I said, there are two different claims that we're going to go through. The first claim has all of the documentation clearly provided. The risk for the individual who's submitting the claim is also very clear to the LLM. So it's basically providing a recommendation to the assessor to actually approve this claim. You will notice when we go through the second claim that it doesn't want the assessor to actually approve the claim because the documentation is incomplete. And you'll also notice that it says that, you know, the similar claims that have been submitted in the past, so there are duplicate claims. And if I'm an assessor, I also have a chatbot on the side that's, again, being configured using Mistral behind the scenes. And you can ask more questions to understand more details about the claim before you approve or deny the request. So as you can see, this is a very clear application use case that's been built on top of Mistral. Now we're switching to the data scientist view. As a data scientist, I can go and look at my prior historical claims. So the first part, what I'm going to do is I'm going to look at both of the claims that were just, you know, approved and denied in the previous UI. And then I'm basically going to get more details about the claim. And then once I have details about the claim, I'm going to fine-tune my LLM based on historical data that I have previously accumulated with these claims and other claims in the past. So you see that, you know, all of the details that were presented as part of the previous claims assessment process are shown here. And then once I actually run the analysis from my side, I can also have a distribution graph that gets shown to me in terms of how claims have been processed over a period of time and then the certain attributes and specifics that were actually used to make an assessment on how that claim ran over a period of time. So, as you can see that the power of this platform is very similar to what you would get with GCP. So with the GCP platform, you could do something very similar where you can run different third-party models on top of it. You can use models that you feel you're comfortable with from, you know, a sovereignty perspective. And then you can use that capability to then fine-tune and train your models based on your own data that you bring to the table. And all of that is possible now within the TPC environment, especially with the science cloud. So again, this just shows the linear graph of how the prediction scores run and how the environment is configured. So with that, we've seen a demo of the trusted cloud environment. I'd like to call Matt on stage to host the panel. All right. Thanks very much, Archana. And I'd like to bring all the panelists up. I'm Matt Driscoll. I'm a director of product management that works on Google Sovereign Cloud, along with Archana and a few other folks in the audience. And I'm very excited to welcome our panelists. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks, Frank. Thanks, Pascal. All right. So let's get started with some introductions. Cyprien, do you want to start off by introducing yourself and talking a little bit about your work with Sovereign Cloud? Hi, everyone. I'm Cyprien Falc, the CEO of Sans. So as Archana described, Sans is a subsidiary of Thales, a major player in aerospace, defense, and also security. And so Sans is a dedicated subsidiary, fully owned by Thales, a French company under French law, that have been created five years ago to partner with Google to develop the Sovereign Cloud that you just saw. I'm Olivier Flous, the SVP engineering and digital for Thales Group. So I'm here as a user of Sans. Pascal. I'm Pascal Merchet. I'm a group enterprise architect at BPCU. I'm sure that you know BPCU because we were last year sponsor of Olympic Games in 2024. My name is Frank Fondren. I'm the head of Sovereign Cloud at SAP, and we have a long history at SAP with Sovereign Cloud. We've been doing this for many years in the five-eye countries and expanding this now to many other countries across Europe and also selected countries in APAC. And one of our partners here is Google. Great. Thanks very much, folks. So to jump into it, Cyprien, I'll start with you. We've worked together a lot over the past few years. So Sans is at the forefront of delivering Sovereign Cloud solutions in France. Can you tell us a little bit about why a Sovereign Cloud solution is needed, how Sans is working on delivering this, and what the value it is it brings to customers? The current context in France and even broader in Europe is that there is no European hyperscale solutions today. There are some European cloud providers, but that don't provide the same level of performance and services and all what you saw this morning that are European. Companies, public, private institutions, have begun to adopt the cloud for their non-sensitive use cases. But when it comes to sensitive data and when they have a fear of extraterrestrial data access, they can't use those public solutions. And that's where they have an issue because they can't benefit from all the power of the cloud, which creates a real competitiveness issue. And so our objective, as we worked together with, is to provide the equivalent of the public cloud, so GCP and the exact same services, but with compliance with the French and the European regulation. And France has defined a specific regulation called Secnum Cloud, which guarantees a protection against this kind of access. And so we've built this solution, who's now in preview since January. And from a market perspective, all sectors are interested. Of course, we think of public sector, where there is an obligation for public sector to use Secnum Cloud-certified solutions. But in fact, all different sectors are interested. Telecommunication, energy utilities, manufacturing, aerospace and defense, of course. I'm sure energy utilities, and I'm forgetting some other ones. There is a broader concept of organizations of vital importance and essential services that are either strongly incentivized or even requested sometimes to use Secnum Cloud-compliant solutions for some use cases. So we encompass all those different industries. And then from one company to another, what they consider sensitive will vary. So for some companies, it will be 40% of the workloads, even sometimes 100% in public sector. For some other ones, it will be five. And many companies also use hybridization of public cloud and our trusted cloud. And with our solutions, they're able to benefit from GCP, our trusted cloud, and the exact same solution on the left and on the right, creating no friction between the non-sensitive and sensitive scope. And last, from a use case perspective, use cases are broad. We see, I would say, infrastructure modernization because we have some customers that are still on-premise, so they will modernize the infrastructure. App modernization, of course, data, and, of course, AI. Awesome. Thank you, Cyprian. So following up on that with Olivier, who is a Solange's potential customer, where is Talos in its digital transformation journey, and why does Talos require a sovereign cloud? What are the benefits it brings to your organization? So we launched the digital program, a digital transformation program in Talos back in 2017, so eight years ago already. Talos is a big aerospace and defense company working for aeronautical application, space application, cyber security, and defense. And to be frank, when we launched the digital factory, which was our organization to lead the digital transformation, there was a lot of reluctance on the idea of leveraging the cloud, saying, no, you can't use the cloud in this environment. It's way too restricted. And the reality, eight years after, is we are operating many, many of our services already on the cloud today. I can give you one of the examples, of the many examples of services hosted on the cloud today. It's the new generation of in-flight entertainment systems that you use when you are on an aircraft. With connected aircraft, now we have many services that are operated on the cloud. And it's a new generation of IFE system that we have developed called Flight Edge. And in fact, today, this is the solution we are pushing to all airlines around the world. Whereas in the past, it was all on-prem, operated by airlines. Now it's managed services on the cloud, and we have seen all the benefits associated with that. Also, last year, we have set up a dedicated organization to accelerate AI within the group called Cortex. In order to embed AI in all our solutions, we use a lot of AI today. But we believe, with the use of the cloud, of course, we can leverage AI much more. Now, of course, the problem is we still have many businesses of Inteles where using public cloud is not an option due to regulation and constraints. And that's where Sons, of course, makes a lot of sense, if I may say. It brings this additional layer of security, of sovereignty, of controls, in order to embed new services. So just an example, air traffic control, today we cannot do on a public cloud. For some services, it's too sensitive information, unlike in-flight entertainment. Yes. It's much more sensitive. So that's where, typically, for those type of applications, to provide air traffic control system for smaller airports around the world hosted on the cloud, it makes a lot of sense. I could mention also video protection for cities and stuff like that. We have many use cases where we need sovereign cloud application. And so we are eagerly waiting for this summer, a second cloud certification of Sons in order to move those services on the cloud. Awesome. Thank you so much. So moving on to Pascal, could you tell us a little bit about how Sovereign Cloud is enabling BPC's digital transformation? Yes, thank you. Let's talk about banks. Banks like BPC have always been trusted by many third parties. Today, more than 30 million customers in France trust us in BPC and with their personal data. Yeah. And it's also data of their life. Very important. So it's very important for us to have information system that protects both our customer and personal data and all transactions. In fact, in Europe, we have heavily regulated data protection and this regulates many banking activities. In this context, we have absolutely trustworthy solution for financial IT. We chose GCP five years ago, first for data and now for container workloads. And it is a success. BigQuery and GKE are in production. However, we are limited from a regulatory and configurability perspective by current public offer now. So the concept of a trusted cloud and second cloud certification should also ask for us accelerate our transformation journey to a public cloud. without trusted cloud, we cannot meet our business needs such as implementing EA for fraud detection or customer services and so on. At BBC, we have internal skills to use public cloud technology and we are so glad to have some employees certified in GCP technology. For us, the offer of Sense is a real opportunity because it is a trusted French cloud based on GCP technology. We need to evolve to ability to meet specific regularity and sensitive data protection while ensuring the trust we give to our final customer. This is essential and mandatory. We must be able to comply with incoming European regulation on cloud public usage while remaining focus of the value for our financial business and prioritizing use case. In terms of implementation, we can imagine new architecture pattern ebric cloud between our cloud private cloud public cloud and trusted cloud just for architect to have a choice for additional workload with sensitive data to be sure to have a trusted cloud over time. This will also benefit for a continuum of solution and a synergistic development with a trusted cloud like sense it's easy for us to add new IT assets or to innovate because sense involves the same cloud service stack on JCP service cloud. For me, to be sovereign, a French trusted cloud is a good answer. Now, it's time for us to imagine implementation that covers the majority of risk linked to sovereignty issues. And, Pascal, just a follow-up there. How would you give folks advice on prioritizing workloads for sovereign cloud? I imagine you have many workloads inside BPC. How do you quantify the value and the priority for moving to a sovereign cloud solution? Good question. Not easy. We have 6,000 applications. It's a beautiful playground. We have always had an opportunistic approach to moving to the cloud. But with the trusted cloud, we are thinking about leveraging the benefits of second cloud solution. I think we need to priorize innovation with AI that will handle sensitive data for anti-money laundering or payment method and so on. For me, another good use case be business intelligence and classified data with a trusted BigQuery or something like this. I'm sure that our adoption of trusted cloud is clear and that our needs will grow in the future. I also believe that we will be ready to design new sovereign solutions to address global geopolitical tension just because we want to ensure our resilience, protect data, and ensure support of our critical process. Thanks so much, Pascal. So, Frank, on to you and a little bit more of your view on sort of globally. Why is sovereign cloud gaining momentum and what are the key drivers that you see around AI impacting the development and the deployment of these solutions? So, I mean, looking at what we heard from Archana already, it's clear the situation with AI and cloud technologies, it's a huge benefit for organizations using those. At the same time with cybersecurity, attacks increasing, the geopolitical situation, and the number of regulations in that context that are coming up almost all over the world, of course, this causes challenges for cloud adoption and for the journey to the cloud, specifically for organizations in the public services and regulated industries. So, from that angle, it remains a key element for us to be able, with our partners, to offer sovereign cloud solutions for this sub-section of the business and of the market to ensure that we have a clean route to the cloud that is compliant with the respective regulations of certain countries that have such additional requirements and the organization and their policies. If we look at how we develop these solutions together with our partners, we're always looking at the end-to-end stack as SAP because customers will consume the end-to-end stack from infrastructure all the way up to the SaaS solutions. So we want to make sure that the sovereign solutions there are fully compliant to the regulations of the specific regulatory bodies of the country. And if you look at the requirements of customers, a lot of this goes back to obviously data being considered as a key asset and it has to be kept safe from foreign influence. So in that aspect, sovereign solutions play a very big role in the last couple of years and an even bigger role today, which also is, I think, seen clearly by the investments that Google, ourselves, and others make into this space. So from that perspective, it remains key for us. The same goes for things like AI in sovereign, which is something that we're also heavily engaged in because we want to make sure customers get the same type of innovations in the sovereign cloud that they get in a commercial cloud. Whilst it's not always 100% one-to-one because we have to consider the sovereignty boundaries and principles, obviously, we are trying to be as close as possible to make sure that the innovations are not something that we have to exclude from sovereign and think we're quite far down that route, but it will continue. If you look at our previous experiences with Google across the globe in this aspect, I would want to mention maybe two countries, Israel and Saudi Arabia, where we have been deploying on Google Cloud with the Google assured workloads to make sure that our customers can comply with the specific regulations in these countries, which is mostly data sovereignty and offer the relevant SAP cloud solutions on top of Google assured workloads there. If we go beyond that and look at the full sovereign cloud, then SAP is already working with Google, for example, in the U.S. for many years where we offer certain SAP cloud solutions in our sovereign cloud in the U.S. through SAP NS2, and Google, for example, is here also present with S4 Rise and Ariba, and we're currently looking at how we can further intensify the relationship in even more countries. Thanks, Frank. That's great. Now, just to get more to the practical deployment advice, I'd love to start with you, Olivier, but I'm curious, what advice would you give leaders at the beginning of their sovereign cloud journey? Where do you start? Well, it starts by data assessments of all your data, so to define the various data domains that you have in your organizations. In a company like Thales, we have tens of data domains and it's quite complex. If you look only in France, we have our internal classifications of sensitivity, C1, C2, C3, C4, then you have export control data, you have restricted data for defense, secret, top secret, restricted for European Union and so on. So first, you need to understand the various data domains and then to decide what is the cloud infrastructure that you want to leverage for each of those data domains. And hopefully it's not one cloud infrastructure per data domain otherwise it makes your life a bit too complex. So typically with SANS, we address some of those data domains. Other will leverage a public cloud, other will be a private cloud or distributed cloud as I was presented before. So it's really important and we've seen it's a big challenge in an organization of our size to do those data assessments to understand exactly which data belongs to which domain. And then you need a clear architecture also to ensure portability of application from one cloud flavor to another one. So that's where, of course, leveraging the same technology helps a lot in terms of having applications being able to run on various data domains. Awesome. Thank you, Lovia. And then, Frank, one more question for you. When we're looking towards the future, how do you see the evolution of these offerings in the market? Where do you think Sovereign Cloud is going next? What should customers be looking for in the near future? I mean, on the one side, if you look where Sovereign Cloud was typically starting from, it was the five-eye countries, but very clearly the requirement with the geopolitical situation, the regulations coming up everywhere, goes almost global. But from a focus perspective for us at SAP, it's mainly five-eye countries, the European Union, European Economic Area, and selected countries that we typically look at as NATO allies or NATO countries, because there's obviously, with these sort of technologies, also certain restrictions where we go. In terms of the requirements, we see more and more requirements also from organizations that maybe three, four years ago would not have considered Sovereign Cloud, but due to the developing regulations and also policies themselves, need to go into that for at least some of their workloads, and that also drives a lot of the investments we're making at SAP and also the partners of ours, because we need to make sure, as I mentioned earlier, that we have all of our cloud innovations available in Sovereign Cloud, including AI, which is something we will be announcing soon, and that is going to drive further value from Sovereign Cloud deployments that were really critical because we want to make sure organizations in that space have the same level of innovation capabilities from solutions they consume from us. Thanks very much. We'll be wrapping up the panel, but I will say, Cyprian, for any parting thoughts, we have a call to action which includes contacting Sons or your Google account team. So anything you would add about Sons Cloud as we finish up the panel? Now I'd just like to remind that we've been in preview since January on this solution. Yes, sorry. So for any European entity here interested in knowing more about Sons or joining the Alialopter program, you can scan the first QR code. Great. And yeah, that's it. Well, so I'd love to thank all the panelists for their time. This was amazing. We appreciate your insights and thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.