 Good afternoon, everyone. Let me start with acknowledging the reality. You know, closing the air gap. Like today, the traditional air gap in industrial security is disappearing. And I may be the contrarian. I think it is clearly closed. The air gap is closed. So the question today isn't whether to connect. It is more about how do we secure the systems that are increasingly get connected. So we have assembled like a fantastic panel here for you all today to kind of go through the questions and talk about what is the state of cybersecurity in the OT world. So to get this going, my name is Vinod De Souza. I'm from Google Cloud Office of the CISO, and I lead the manufacturing and industry vertical. I will let my fellow panelists introduce. We have Mark, Sean, and Paul. Mark? Hey, everyone. My name is Mark Kikta. I'm the Global Director for Cybersecurity, Engineering, and Operations at Whirlpool Corporation. I'm really happy that they allowed me to speak here today. And one of the things that they just would like me to let you all know is that I'm here today to talk about these ideas and concept. None of this stuff is related to Whirlpool, and I'm not here necessarily representing Whirlpool. Thank you. And my name is Sean Tufts. I'm a managing partner at Optiv, focused on our critical infrastructure vertical. Started my career, I guess my second job was building wind farms, turned that into a role at General Electric. They taught me cyber, which was really fun and a good time to come into my life. Went to Optiv. We are a cybersecurity bar and advisory consultancy group, and I've led the OT practice there for seven years now. Morning. I'm Paul Shaver. I'm the Global Practice Lead for ICS and OT Security at Mandiant, which is part of Google Cloud and Google Cloud Security. I have been design, build, run, maintain roles in OT for probably close to 30 years now. And probably the last 10 to 15 years, increasing, taking on more and more security roles. And I moved to full-time security when I joined Mandiant about six years ago and lead that practice. So, pleasure to be here and excited to have a fun panel conversation. Thank you. Thank you. So, let me ask a question to kind of set the stage. Maybe each one of you can answer, like, how do you define OT and how do you describe the current state of cybersecurity in OT? Maybe start with Mark. Yeah. Yeah. You know, what I've been saying in a somewhat conversation-starting way is IT is OT and OT is IT, especially now more than ever, right? You know, and of course, there are areas where this may not always be the case, but as we're seeing, due to your point, they continuously close that air gap. And we're seeing more and more of these systems require access into the cloud. Even in cases of, you know, let's say that we have CrowdStrike, right? You know, obviously there are ways to mitigate some of that risk. But in many cases, we have implementations where the command and control flows from the cloud into the plants. So, the way that I see it is that these lines are getting more and more blurred, whether or not we're talking about SAP affecting the ability for us to produce and ship, or we're talking about, again, CrowdStrike or Tanium or, you know, Tenable being able to perform their duties without access to their cloud command and control. We are increasingly connected. I define OT as the ways you make money. I put a little italicies on that make part. If you're producing a product, you're producing a good, you're providing a service in the physical world, then a component of that is OT. I got in trouble recently. I put my big boy pants on and really challenged a CISO. We were in the conversation. He was explaining to us how much he was spending on pin testing and network security and endpoint and all this crazy cool stuff. I asked him, well, how he was in the food manufacturing space. I said, well, how much are you spending on the actual product side, the factory? He said, oh, well, nothing. I said, well, that seems to be a mismatch for the ways you make your revenue. I said, so then tell me about your venture fund and tell me about this app that you guys made. He's like, oh, we don't have those. Oh, so the only way you make money is by making this product and you've allocated zero budget? To me, that felt like an OT conversation that they were lagging on. So I use that word kind of make the money as where we define what an OT system is. Paul, any thoughts? Well, I mean, I think those are great answers. So I think I will kind of go to more of a traditional answer. And that is it is all of those parts and pieces, the networking, the computers, the data systems, the infrastructure that supports making all of those products, those widgets. And that's end to end, right? And we've blurred those lines because, to Mark's point, right, we're using SAP to connect all the way down to the manufacturing, right? So we've blurred this system that has been traditionally an IT system, and now we are leveraging it heavily for our production environments, especially in manufacturing. And so those lines have completely blurred. And so I would say that now SAP is OT. And, again, to Mark's point, IT is OT, OT is IT. And that gap is closing and closed in a lot of cases. And one of the challenges and the bright spots that I think we have right now and where we're at is we've spent so much time over the last 15 years trying to secure legacy devices that weren't designed to be secure. We now have an opportunity, as we are pushing some of this stuff to the cloud, creating more of these connections, closing that gap to be building security into what we're doing. And to Sean's point, helping our customers, clients, vendors, asset owners understand that there is money well spent in protecting these environments. My reference customer told me a couple years ago that when our very first conversation with them, they are net $6 million revenue a day from their production environment. And the average recovery time, the industry average recovery time is 20 days. So the investment that it would take to improve resilience and recovery by leveraging good secure systems in OT, and that starts with good security hygiene, which we'll talk about, seems to me that ROI is really easy to calculate when you're net $6 million revenue a day. It's almost unbelievable because the numbers are so off, right? Right. Yeah. So maybe on that point, I think clearly I think we all agree that the lines are clearly blurred between IT and OT. And, you know, one extension of IT is cloud, and we are in a Google Cloud conference. So my question is, you have been practitioners in OT environment for such a long time, right? What are some of the primary drivers for organizations who are more and more adopting cloud technologies in their OT environment? What do you see in the industry today? And then maybe I can start with Sean and then maybe Mark. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What I think is interesting is watching how the verticals play out. And by verticals, I mean electric, oil, manufacturing, wastewater. What we've seen in the manufacturing space is this leapfrog attempt where we know we've got really old legacy Windows XP, really old Cisco switches, and we've just kind of let that be for 25 years, 40 years in some cases. And now what we're seeing is the advantage of the cloud. They're skipping a whole revolution of networking that the oil and gas and electric utilities tried and in some ways succeeded, in some ways failed miserably. And they're starting to say, you know what? We don't need all that legacy. We now have the capability, and the cloud is strong enough. I mean, look where we are. We're at the cloud conference talking about OT. Like, that kind of means OT made it, I think, at some point. At least made it up into the lexicon, right? What that means to me is that we've transitioned away from being totally afraid of it and turning it off to saying, you know what? This can actually really help us. Anything, Lawrence? No, I absolutely agree, right? You know, when we, and I have to, of course, be very measured in my responses. But, you know, when we look at manufacturing versus something like, you know, we'll use Whirlpool as an example in a limited sense, right? Whirlpool makes washing machines. You know, we're not making bombs. We're not making tanks. You know, there are things to protect, and, you know, there's threat models, et cetera. But when we're looking at risks of migrating and taking risks on new technology, fundamentally, right, abstracting yourself from the idea of, hey, look, I know things about Whirlpool, just looking at, you know, what it is, you can say, yeah, I think we can take a little bit of an extra risk to make things easier, right? So when we look at the cloud, you know, traditionally, when, you know, it first came out, folks looked at this as a, hey, look, I can take my VM from here, and I can put it in somebody else's computer, and now I don't have to manage the computer. But I still have the VM. And we're moving from that kind of mindset in when we look at DevSecOps. So previously, I've been at Zendesk and Zillow, which were software development shops. It was interesting to see how they built out CICD pipelines and development pipelines and started to create these automated workflows. And when we look at how they're doing it there, and we apply this idea of IT is OT, OT is IT, we can start to look, okay, well, how can we apply some of these concepts to the OT environment? Right. So, for example, when we start looking at, not to dive into other topics, but at a hybrid cloud DMZ, for example, if that's something we wanted to do, and we're working with a hub and spoke model in development, we've got, you know, our hub and we have our spokes for Dev, Prod, you know, QA, et cetera, why can't we start to apply some of these ideas in a similar way to how we do networking, to how we do command and control, to how we do governance? So I have a whole other spiel on that that I'm not going to take away from my other panelists' time on. But, you know, it's really the driver, right? What can we automate? What can we streamline? Where can we make things easier? And I think that's really, you know, the primary driver for cloud adoption. So I think we clearly see there are benefits such as efficiency, scalability, right? Maybe, Paul, I think you can touch upon, like, what do you see from a security benefits perspective, like moving OT to cloud or that, you know, the connectivity? Any thoughts? So I think the biggest benefit that we see in that capability is kind of twofold, right? But the biggest one being resilience, right? Where we can move OT application. And so we've got some customers that are doing, that have moved a lot of their batch processing control operation into web applications, right? These web applications run in the web, run in the cloud, and they batch down to the manufacturing environment. Well, what does that enable? That enables now all you really need for HMI control for some of those systems is a web browser on your plant floor. You don't need an $8,000 HMI that when it goes down, you have to go find the same firmware revision because it won't talk to the newest, you know, the newer ones won't talk to the old, right? So you have this element of resilience in these environments because now you're leveraging some cloud tech. You're using it as a web app. That web app is actioned by a Chromebox on a manufacturing plant floor, and now you're eliminating an IT risk in an XP machine or something else that was on that floor, right? So there's some advantage in building, layering in that level of resilience. That also enables recovery, right? What's the impact of a $200 Chromebox that goes down? Whether that's a cyber attack or whether that's just a functional failure of the equipment, that's a cheap replacement versus, you know, ordering or having a critical spare on the shelf from some automation vendor, right? So the resilience recovery part of this, and that's where I think we have a really great opportunity to grow in how we start leveraging cloud. There's a lot of movement now in leveraging cloud systems, AI, and the data systems behind that for grid stabilization and utilities, right? Are we ever going to move power generation control and transmission control to the cloud? Probably not. That's probably not a great idea. Maybe I'll get corrected in five or ten years, and maybe that's the way we go. But the reality is grid stabilization and communication between the grid providers and the transmission and distribution and making that a reality provides a more stable environment for energy and utilities. And so those could leverage the cloud systems, those AI's capabilities that are going to drive that. And that also becomes potentially a security enhancement, too, right? Now we have a lot of data about these systems in a secure cloud environment, and we're able to leverage that to make sure that we're keeping the grid safe and secure at the same time. So I think there's growing advantages, and I think that's where, again, by where we're at in this moving towards the cloud. We have an opportunity to think about security in that process now rather than in ten years decide, oh, we shouldn't have done that, and that's not really secure. I'm trying to go layer security back in. Sean, do you see that when you engage with your customers, do you see that same pattern? Absolutely. And the pattern starts with a really simple use case with, like, a warehouse management tool or, like, SAP, and someone goes to a cloud version of SAP, and then the manufacturing team is like, oh, wait, wait, what? Where did the thing go? And you're like, oh, we moved the box. It's not working in the cloud. Now, all the companies are saying, oh, crud, we dipped our toe in, and nothing burned down, and no one, there was no riots in the street, like, we weren't filling gas in trash bags again. And I think that piece, when we showed that we could do it with one accidental use case that maybe wasn't on purpose, maybe it was very detailed out, but when we've shown that it can work, there's a lot more expansion that can happen. We can blow away all this. We've been talking about legacy tech forever. And now we can blow away all that dated infrastructure and start fresh. Yeah. I think there's really big benefits to uptime and resiliency and backup and restore programs. All that stuff starts to just balloon out from a more modern architecture. And kind of building on that, too, right? You know, if we start looking at things more as infrastructure as code, you know, when we look to redeploy, when we look to do vulnerability management, when we look to do a lot of these architectural or infrastructure refreshes, it becomes a matter of refreshing the code, not necessarily, okay, I need to rebuild this system. I need to go apply these patches. Because when we look at modern development practices, right, you know, whether or not you're using Kubernetes cluster or using GKE or something like that, you refresh by just redeploying your infrastructure. Right? You patch by redeploying your infrastructure. And if we can get to that point, you know, vulnerability management, not to, again, go down a rabbit hole, I think we can all agree is a very big problem in OT. And so, you know, if one of the ways that, you know, maybe not perfectly address it, but one of the ways that we can address at least portions of it and continue to move the needle on that risk is to start abstracting ourselves away from some of the low-level IT stuff in the way that IT folks have abstracted themselves away from that. Interesting. Interesting. I know you mentioned IT is equal to OT earlier, right? And one other thing, you know, in my capacity working with a large number of customers, and I think on the topic of AirGap, even though I see a lot of them want to transform their manufacturing floor operations to cloud and emerging technologies, and I always say that to fight the modern threats, you need modern technologies. You can't rely on the old technologies, right? On the business side of the things, may not be the, you know, your current example, but in generally, have you seen there is resistance to migration to cloud and other newer technologies? Like, we talked about so many AI use cases, right? And we clearly know that maybe SCADA is not the perfect use case right now, but there are definitely other use cases within the industry that can be considered for cloud migration or similar other newer technologies. What do you see from the business side? So when we look at kind of using some of these technologies in the OT environment, you know, historically, you've got your MES folks, your manufacturing execution system folks, and then you have your IT folks. Then you have your security folks kind of at the top. And there's been a lot of conflict, you know, and I'm not speaking for, well, I'm just speaking in general, right? I think you can see it, you know, you go to S4, you go to, you know, you talk to some control systems engineers. There's always this kind of resistance, you know, on the control system side, it's, hey, look, we're, you know, people could die, you know, the robots could malfunction and explode, and, you know, everything will explode. And on the IT side, it's like, hey, guys, you know, like, we need to implement some of these controls. You know, why don't we try it this way or that way? And I think there's, A, there's a middle ground, right? You know, I think there's always, you know, kind of a middle ground there. But, B, I think we do ourselves a disservice when we start talking about things in such catastrophic ways, when we start using fear, uncertainty, and doubt to sell things. Because while, yes, it may make sense from a, you know, hey, boots on the ground, this is a worst case scenario, yeah, there's all these, you know, light walls and everything in place, but, you know, some of them could potentially fail. That's a great storyline for engineers. But when we start trying to translate this into the business, into real dollars and cents, being able to say, hey, look, you know, we need to implement this cloud technology because of, you know, we're going to get these cost savings. That resonates more, and the risks really don't translate from these conversations that we have, these what ifs, to the C-suite. Because when we start talking about likelihood that these risks will get actualized, it's not super high. Yeah, there is a place in time to talk about the real-world impact of a directed OT attack on petrochemical or energy or something like that. And while there is a lot of real world there, I think one of the things that we do need to remember that we do need to make that business case justification. And that is not just the, there's a larger calculation that goes into this. So go back to that $6 million a day net revenue, right? And so what are the factors that go into that, right? Not only are you losing that revenue because you're not making your product. If it's ransomware, you may or may not be paying ransomware, depending on your corporate policies and your legal teams. You're paying instant responders to come in and dig in and figure out what happened and remediate and clean that up. You're potentially have contractual obligations that are causing, you know, that are going to cause some kind of cost incurrence. We see this in a lot of manufacturing where you've got upstream and downstream supply chains. So the motors and the pumps that get used for a specific piece of equipment, those are made by one manufacturer and those get shipped to the manufacturer. The next manufacturer where that gets assembled, then there's contracts on that. And if they can't deliver the motors and the pumps, then the washing machine manufacturer can't build their washing machines. And you have some contract problems, right? So you can start looking at that cost and it keeps building and building and building. And it's really easy to take that to your executive stakeholder teams and show why and how some investment in. And while we are here talking about cloud and OT and leveraging this for improvements and resilience and recovery and capabilities, just starting that conversation with let's improve good security hygiene in these environments, because let's face it, we still have a lot of network segmentation issues. We still have a lot of firewall and access control issues. We still have a lot of active directory and reuse of passwords and shadow IT and OT. Shadow OT? Shadow, shadow, shadow at all? Shadow at all. So, you know, it is, and I think to your point earlier, Sean, we see manufacturing environments with 25- or 30-year-old legacy equipment going from that to, you know, software-defined networking and all this stuff in the cloud and leveraging these systems. And that's the conversation we want to have about leveraging security in that process and improving all those security hygiene things along the way, building in cyber resilience and cyber defense capability as we go, so that we can leverage these cloud systems for that resilience and recovery, for that process optimization, for the AI tools, for all of these things that are coming, we can do that in a way that's safe and sane. I think that's a great point, but I think as you can, thinking of closing the air gap and, you know, leveraging all the technologies, is there resistance? Is it mainly because of the cost involved to change some of these factories, or is it a fundamentally misunderstood problem over there? I think it's because we broke it the first time we tried. We came out with a bunch of scanning tools and active scans and PLCs, kicked some stuff over, caused blackouts. That was the first time in the 2000 that we started trying to do that, right? That was before my time in cyber. But if you ask an operator what their priorities are, they're going to say uptime, number one, all the time. They're usually going to say safety. And if you ask them, like, hey, well, what about cybersecurity? Where's that in your priority list? And they're like, we have to be cyber secure. They want it. They need it. But it has to be on their terms. So when we come in and have some fancy tech and tool, and we're like, hey, we're from IT, and we're here to help, right? No one wants to hear that on the operations side. So we've had to spend the last five to eight years building trust with our operators. The first tip of the spear was our passive tools, so we didn't break stuff again. And now they're starting to trust us. We did a, I did an evaluation six years ago. Showed up at a dock. We were contracted to go do some security on a vessel. Don't call it a boat. They like vessel. It's pretentious. I know, whatever. We got kicked off in that moment. I put one foot on the vessel, and the guy, a guy with a really fancy hat said, nope, get out. Don't know who you are. We were badged and escorted and everything else, but we got booted. We came back eight years later after doing some of the stuff on those teams' terms, and they're inviting us back in. And they're saying, hey, you can securely remote these things, and we don't have to ship a helicopter out with a fleet full of people. That's huge danger, right? See also New York yesterday. We don't have to do these dangerous things. We can remote access to the nuclear propulsion systems. We can give Wartzilla and Westinghouse the right controls here. And now they're saying, you're from cyber. You're here to help. That's rare, but we got to get more of those stories where we're playing on their terms and making their life better, not making our IT charts look better. Our friend Chris Sistrunk would say you didn't show up with donuts. Or kolaches. Kolaches. Depending on what market, yep. Yeah, and I think it's important to remember, too, that in the lines of, like, trying to meet that resistance, right, we can't rip and replace all this equipment on the manufacturing platform. We can't manage all the vulnerabilities in the traditional sense of patches and updates, right? We have to manage those vulnerabilities with mitigation, with controlling factors. And it takes a good understanding of what those networks are through using some of those passive tools. This is a walk-run plan and process that, again, back to good security hygiene, we want to move towards the cloud. We want to do these things. We have to figure out how to get there and secure these environments in a way that we don't have to rip and replace millions of dollars' worth of equipment and take the downtime that it's going to take to actually make that happen. So those things aren't possible. I'll come to the opportunity, but one question that came to my mind as we were talking about safety, and maybe I'll pose it to Mark, you know, I think that when you leverage newer technologies, one of the biggest questions or statement made is, oh, you know, it is about the safety of the people or the reliability of the people. Do you agree, like, you know, changing to moving to newer technologies, it is a hindrance to the safety measures and other things? So the short answer for that is kind of. That's a very political answer, but what I mean there is safety is always going to be number one, right? And so when you talk with control systems engineers and MES engineers who know what need to get done because, I mean, they are ridiculously smart people, way smarter than I am, and it's always really fun to talk with them, you know, the more I, you know, develop a good relationship with them, but, you know, one of the things that I think we see everywhere is that failing everything else, fear, uncertainty, and doubt sells, and so the more that the control systems engineers, your MES folks feel ignored and abandoned, the more they are going to do whatever it takes to sell what needs to get done to the rest of the organization, and I think that when you start to develop these relationships, you can start to have the conversations to both of your points, right? You know, you bring the donuts, you bring your own PPE, don't show up, you know, act like you've been there before, right? Don't show up poorly and treat them as the experts that they are. You are not the expert in that situation. You are there to help them mitigate risk, and so as you start to develop that relationship, you can start to explain to them that, hey, look, this isn't really presenting a danger to the folks on the floor because we have all of these other mitigating controls in place to prevent that. What we're trying to do is actually mitigate this major risk over here so we can make sure that people have a place to go and work in the morning. I think we touched upon a lot of risks from an OT operations perspective, and I think, Paul, you touched upon some of the opportunities. Maybe a question for all of you. What are some of the opportunities you see for leveraging cloud technologies in the OT? Like, what do you think are the real opportunities from a security perspective? Like, is it monitoring, passive, active? Any examples? So Paul hit on this earlier. Our fundamentals are bad. Between firewalling being inconsistent at best, not having access to EDR, old, brittle stuff, our fundamentals are not good. So number one, we have to raise that bar on the production side. Number two, once we do and we can unlock some new technologies, we can absorb those big bundle of security technologies that we know and love that are currently sitting on the sideline. Once we get a more modern architecture, and look, I don't care if it's cloud or just a better route switch environment, I think cloud makes a lot more sense economically and performance-wise, but once we unpack a better architecture and we can do the fundamentals well, then we can overlay and grab more cool DLP tools that we can run in OT, because, hey, we have a lot of IP that sits on manufacturing floors. We can do the more advanced data analytics, threat acting activity, all that cool stuff, but we can't do it with an arm tied behind our network back. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mark, what do you think? Oh, no, I couldn't agree more. I mean, it's the same conversation I think we have as an industry constantly with, not to derail the conversation to AI, but when I see it, we were talking earlier today, right? If we look at AI as the future, OT as the past, the problem and the risks associated with them are the same. We don't do security fundamentals today. What's the outside of agentic AI and setting that aside, right? When we look at the risks of AI, what do people talk about? Well, what happens if somebody uploads data to it or they're putting company data and we have that, we're like, okay, well, why isn't that data a data loss prevention issue? Why is that able to leave your company systems in general to any website? You know, when we look at OT, why aren't we doing these fundamental IT hygiene items in terms of something as simple as architecture? Is the architecture that we have in our OT environment satisfactory? And if you can't answer that, you're not ready to implement next generation anything. So, I mean, considering the security fundamentals and also considering the advancement in cloud technologies, right, I think clearly from a security perspective, are there any myths surrounding, you know, that, hey, you know, you can't, the cloud platform is not good for OT. Like, Paul, what do you see working with a number of customers? Can we bust that myth? I mean, so I'm going to kind of take, you know, the next step in this, right? Because visibility, monitoring, detection capability in this day and age relies on that cloud connection, right? Mark said it a little bit earlier, you know, the EDR, the antivirus, the whatever tool relies on a network connection, an internet connection to get the latest virus patterns, the latest detection rules, the latest data and information from the cloud. And the processing power that we have for good security monitoring detection is now vastly cloud-based from almost every platform vendor. Even the OT vendors, their platforms connect to their cloud environments for the detection visibility side of that, right? So cloud enables that. We clearly see proliferation of all the sensors in the OT environment, right? Right, right. So I think what we're getting to here is we know this is happening, right? We just have to have good conversations. We have to have the conversations with the engineering teams. We have to have the conversations with the management and the executive teams and start moving towards securing this stuff as we build it and as we adopt it. The fundamentals come and we get advancement towards that. And as we're doing that, we're having that next-gen conversation so that we can leverage AI and we can leverage these other tools and we can leverage better security detection response capability, which improves the resiliency and the recovery times. Yeah. So maybe I think on building on that one, right, obviously the air gap is disappearing and companies want to leverage these technologies. I know that they have to do the fundamentals better, but where do they start in this migration to cloud? If somebody wants to start migrating or thinking over newer technologies, what are some of the considerations that they need to kind of think about? So my opinion, the first thing that anybody thinking about doing that should do is, great, what does my architecture look like? Have I considered implementing some version of the Purdue model? Because, I mean, we definitely don't want to just set up a VPC straight up to, you know, an HMI. That would be pretty bad. Just as I drink wine. But, you know, it's not always a, you know, it's not always that black and white, right? So when we're talking about are we ready for a cloud migration, the first one is, can our architecture and the way that we have our infrastructure built out in the plant support it? And if that sounds pretty fundamental and like, oh, you're hand waving, like, well, yes, it is very fundamental and, yes, there is a little bit of hand waving there. But it's true. If you don't have a need or rather you haven't architected your systems in a way that can securely integrate the cloud into your environment and create this hybrid on-prem cloud relationship, you are just signing yourself up for more risk. So when we talk about doing the fundamentals, that's what we're talking about. If you, I mean, I'm pretty sure everybody here has looked at the Purdue model. If you haven't, highly recommend it. But it doesn't have to be, again, black and white with that. But at least have a way to architect your environment that can support it. Vinod, you've tried to steer us away from the fundamentals like four or five times here and I think we're coming back to the same. Thank you. Here's what I will say to kind of round that out. Sorry. For decades in IT, we have sat down as IT leaders. We have sat down as practitioners and we have built IT strategy. Like how do we adopt technology? Because we have a three to five year life cycle in tech. So we want to know that what we're buying now is going to enable us for that next thing. And then as those things start to age out, we're continually having strategy conversations. Business strategy on the OT side is extremely rare. And I think that's where we start coming into this conversation of let's, to Mark's point, let's start adopting good frameworks. Let's understand what those frameworks are. Let's set what our business and use cases for adopting cloud technology are. Let's bring consulting in where we need cloud expertise or security expertise or whatever it is. and let's work together to build a great architecture for what our business case is and what our growth strategy is to adopt cloud. And then let's reach out to our consulting partners and our implementers and our vendors who can come in with the tools to solve the problems that we're presenting them. This is what we want to do. This is how we want to grow. These are the things that we would like to do. What do you have to solve that problem? Right? We don't want the, to throw the proverbial, you know, vendor briefcase of tools and solutions at somebody and say, you have to buy all this. Right? I don't want to walk into a customer environment and say, you have to buy all this stuff. We always want to meet our customers where they're at, right size the solution for what they're trying to accomplish. And that, in order to identify all of that, that starts with good business use case, good strategy and development to grow into the cloud, make sure that the fundamentals are there, right? And then set that strategy and then make it a collaborative agreement. It's one of the reasons why when we established this panel, right, we wanted an asset owner, we wanted an implementation team, we wanted a security team, we wanted the CISO's opinion because that's what it takes and that's the model that we see going forward to be absolutely successful. I want to challenge you on one point. You said there's very little strategy on the IT side at our factories and I very much believe that's true. The piece I want to challenge on is there's a ton of strategy when we're talking about manufacturing at least on an individual plant. So my recommendation on when we want to move to cloud on a thing, every factory has one process line that sucks. One process line that just the thing tips over, it's inconsistent, it's old, it's going to get replaced and it's going to get replaced with something that looks a lot like a robot that little Tony Stark robot arm is coming. Let's find those things and those new processes that the business teams are strategizing for, come up alongside them in a collaborative motion and say, hey, you're going to the cloud because you're doing something really cool. Let me help you do that with as much safety as we can build into that and then expand out to the cloud or to the rest of the factory floor. Yeah, because then you'll just find the next system after that that needs to be removed, right? And now there's a new bad system. Yeah, right. Yeah. I think that those are really some interesting points and I think, you know, we have heard the expansion of, you know, the role of AI and cloud that is impacting manufacturing. I mean, from your vantage point, all three of you, right, if you have to make some forward-looking statements, like, you know, where this, the technology chain that is happening in the manufacturing from, you know, industrial security perspective, what would be some of the things that you want to predict for the future? So I did give a talk on something similar to what we were talking about at S4, so just going to do a shameless plug here. You can Google that one. But, you know, this idea of, you know, building a cloud DMZ, right, you know, as we, again, start to move away from traditional MPLS connections or site-to-site VPN connections and we, I would like to see more of these IT concepts being brought into use, right? So instead of treating a plant as a data center, a plant now becomes a spoke on a hub. We have all of our controls that flow downwards from the hub into the plants and we're seeing a little bit of that today. If you have CrowdStrike in your environment, right, that's where that's coming down from. So in terms of AI, you know, AI is really great with unstructured data. I can think of a lot of different, you know, data sources that come through, whether or not it's the servos that run the line to data that's coming in from, and data entry coming in from the line workers themselves on terms of where slowdowns are coming from, that kind of thing. But predictive analytics, you know, we've been doing this as an industry for, God, 30 years, 20 years, something like that. But really kind of driving additional insights and augmenting that I think would be pretty cool to see. Okay. Sean? So we did a poll of our 20 OT consultants and these guys are hard hat wearing, PLC carrying people, right? And we asked them, hey, how many of your peers in the industry are using AI and generative AI and all this cool stuff to do their PLC ladder logic programming work better today? I was expecting them to say like, oh, I know one or two crazy guys. They said 100%. Okay. 100% of our people are already leveraging these cool new tools. The way we manufacture products in this country and in the broader global sense is going to functionally change in the next five to six years. And the companies that make those investments and those bets are going to come out with a dramatically different P&L than the people they're holding on to the old world. And I think winners and losers will be picked right now. And that, we haven't seen a force as strong as cloud computing that manufacturing just skipped. We just missed it. We didn't take it on. And now we've got some opportunities to go back and revise that and bring in stronger IT systems. That's going to be a really valuable one-two punch to really strengthen what we can do. Okay. Paul? Agreed. And I think I would go to the people process product argument here, right? Like, as we start to adopt the AI stuff, that needs to involve our people, right? We want to be training these people to leverage AI and use it in their daily jobs. We want to enable that. We want to set the appropriate guardrails. We want to get the right DLP in place. We want to use AI responsibly. But we want... That needs to start with our humans on the plant floor. We have... There's a giant concern that AI replaces people. And AI only replaces people if people don't learn AI and learn to use it and leverage it, right? So, to me, the people part of that is really, really important. Now, advance past that to now we're going to use it. Well, the threat actors are using it too, right? So, we can't sit around and not use it. We can't sit around and not figure out the ways that we can use it for security, for optimization, for all of these things because the bad guys are going to use it. And if the bad guys are going to use it, we need to figure out how we're defending with it because otherwise we're using a tool that... Or they're using a tool that we're not. I think that's all I think we have the time for. So, I think one kind of... If I were to kind of take away, like if I were to kind of wrap up this, is that from all the conversation that definitely the cross-functional capabilities can be optimized, scaled, while improving resiliency as well as uptime through doing fundamentals, better security practices. So, with that, thank you everyone for attending and all the panelists, thank you so much. I really appreciate you. And safe travels. Thank you.