 . Hey, everyone. Thank you so much for joining us today, especially at the tail end of day two of Cloud Next. Hopefully, you're having a good time. We are excited to have you here. In this session, we'll talk about the ever-increasing cyber threats and how we are protecting you across Google Workspace and Chrome through our AI power defenses, secure by design principles, and enterprise security controls, including our offerings around generative AI, specifically Gemini. My name is Anu Yamunan. I'm a product director for Workspace Abuse and Safety. I'm Girija Narlikar. I'm Anu's engineering counterpart. And we are super excited to have Adam Narel, the CIO of Humana. He'll join us a little bit later. And I'm excited to hear him tell us about his migration to Workspace and Chrome and the experiences after that. Let's level set in terms of what we see as trends, and hopefully none of this is a surprise to you. First is the rise in cyber attacks, be it state-sponsored or commercially motivated. This is impacting core operations of organizations, small and large. The implication here is that there is a need for a mindset shift. Organizations don't need more security products. They need more secure products. Second, throughout the last couple of days and probably all over the last 18 months, you've heard about the adoption of generative AI. Organizations, small and large, are in various stages of adoption with regards to generative AI. And it's important that you bring in the safe, secure, and compliant generative AI platform. Otherwise, the risks are too high. I also want to emphasize that AI also plays a key part in fighting against adversarial AI. Third, on a daily basis, we see geopolitical stress impacting trade and cyber conflicts. Organizations demand a baseline requirement for digital sovereignty to ensure portability and survivability. A quick overview of attacks in 2024. Again, this has been a recurring theme over the last few years. 2024 saw a 44% increase compared to 2023. And importantly, no sector or industry is immune from these attacks. The prominent call-outs here, technology manufacturing, healthcare, education, all of them are vulnerable to service disruptions. Where cyber criminals are leveraging supply chain vulnerabilities, for example, for cyber espionage, IP theft, and disruption. Let's look at an example of a ransomware in a major healthcare company. This was the largest attack in 2024. Not only in terms of the individuals impacted, but also the disruption it caused from a healthcare services perspective. This was a ransomware attack that impacted 190 million individuals. More than half of the population of the United States. Bad actors used compromised credentials to not only exfiltrate sensitive data, but they deployed ransomware to cripple operations. Cost a whopping $2.9 billion in terms of incident response and remediation. So the major point here is that this is not only impacting business bottom line, but it's also disrupting patient services across the nation. And while this is just one story, this has been again a recurring theme across industries and across organizations. So, we talked about generative AI usage among organizations small and large, probably in the early stages of adoption. This is corroborated by the McKinsey report that says over 78% of organizations are using generative AI in at least one business function. And we also hear from you that your top of mind is to make sure that you mitigate generative AI powered threats. Be it IP accuracy, IP infringement, privacy, and cybersecurity. So, Anu, does this mean that the bad guys also are using generative AI at scale? You bet they are, Gereja. Our own Google threat intelligence group shows that both state-sponsored adversaries and commercially motivated groups are using generative AI. For business email compromise, for deep fakes, we also see them using Gen AI for researching potential victims and targets. Researching about publicly known vulnerabilities and also finding ways to avoid detection within an environment. The other big call out here is that with AI powered spear phishing, we see that it's four times more effective than human created phishing. For example, you probably look at spelling mistakes, grammatical errors that are giveaways for phishing. With AI, everything looks clean and grammatically correct. We see a rise in volume of cyber attacks powered by AI tools. We expect that this will continue exponentially to grow over the years. Gereja, our own internal data shows this, right? That's right. We're seeing phishing attempts growing and becoming more convincing. Let's look at an example. This landed in your inbox, Anu. This was an email telling you that your Google password has been compromised and you need to change it immediately. That sounds pretty dangerous and important. What did you make of it? You know what? I'm saying in this forum, I'm ashamed to admit that I fell for this trap. All right. So let's take a little bit of a closer look. Where does it come from? It comes from a domain that looks like Google, but isn't Google. And if you were to actually click on the change password link, that also looks like a pretty legit website, but it's not owned by Google. So the point that we're trying to make here is that the attacks are becoming more and more convincing. At scale, they're more diverse in nature and they're highly personalized. And so they're really more convincing than ever before. So what are we doing about this? Well, we have to up our game and we have to keep innovating to stay ahead. So I want to highlight three innovations to begin with that we have made in the recent past. First, we have launched a multilingual robust character encoding called Redvec, which was published in Europe's A Top AI Conference. And that really helps us improve our text classifiers against character-based attacks, which are very, very common. As a result, we've been able to catch close to 40% more spam and at the same time reduce our TPU consumption by over 80%. And we all know how precious TPUs are. Second one, brand impersonation. So just like the email that Anu got and that we shared, there's lots of emails coming into our system. For example, your favorite bank or your neighborhood drugstore, right? And so how do we detect better which ones of these emails are genuine and which ones are impersonated? And so what we are doing is developing AI algorithms to look at the imagery that's in these emails, even if it's externally hosted, which is a lot harder to do, and correlating that with the text and lots of other signals. The other innovation I want to highlight is an algorithm called Magica, which is also published recently, which is a file type detector. Sounds like a simple problem, but it's actually very hard. And by improving the detection rates by over 50%, we are able to make a big dent in our malware detection. A few more innovations to call out. So we are using large language models, just like the adversaries, but we are using them on the defense. So on the left, you see better content clustering, meaning we are able to detect semantic clusters and then distinguish the bad clusters from the good. On the right, it's really more about classification. For every single email, we are able to apply a distilled LLM model so that it can run a Gmail scale, which is huge, and do a much better job of staying ahead of the abuse. And I want to emphasize that all of the innovations we've talked about are available to all workspace SKUs, including consumer. Okay, so one last innovation I want to highlight today is we've recently launched what we call as a more holistic approach to machine learning, which is a supervisor model. And it takes signals from multiple different dimensions, content being just one of them, the ones I talked about before. It also looks at actors. It looks at behaviors, relationships between actors, and a lot of other signals. And instead of using rules, it uses machine learning to really intelligently combine them and make decisions about what is good or bad. What's the result of all of this? Right? Is it really helping? Well, year over year, we've been able to reduce Gmail spam by over 20%. Three orders of magnitude improvement in the number of user reports that we can look at. We get millions of user reports every day. And now we're looking at each and every one of them using LLMs. And we are able to learn from them. With all these innovations, we have been able to maintain the 99.9% threshold of all the spam, phishing, and malware that we detect as it comes into our system. And this is in spite of a huge growth in the kinds of attacks and the varieties of attacks that we've seen recently. So, I want to switch gears a little bit. Anu, have you heard of prompt injection attacks? Just going by the name, seems maybe similar. Is it related to SQL injection? Not a bad guess. Not a bad guess. It's like SQL injection attacks, but more in the Gen AI LLM world. And what is it really? Simply put, it's exploiting the inability of an LLM to distinguish from user prompts and data or payload. And so, a malicious user can hide instructions for the machine, the LLM, and get it to do things that are completely different from what the user may have intended or prompted. Right? So, let's look at an example. Anu gets another email, this time from a marketing agency telling her that we know you have an amazing session coming up at Cloud Next. Why don't you go publicize it using this content on LinkedIn? And how did you react to this, Anu? You know, I seem to be a prime target for all these bad actors. Somehow, I seem to fall into their trap all the time. But we learn a lot from all of that. And so, let's look at the message carefully. It looks fine. Right? Perfectly harmless. But if you look carefully, there's actually instructions hidden in there. And they could be white on white text. Or they could be really tiny fonts. Or lots of other ways to hide text. Right? Now, if this text makes it into a generative AI feature, it could create a message. It could create havoc. And so, let's say Anu decided to summarize it. The LLM might ignore everything else in that email and just follow the malicious instructions and get her to go click on a dangerous website. Right? This is not a good experience. Not at all. So, what are we doing about this? Let's take a look. We have, and as you may have seen over the last two days, a huge number of generative AI features being offered across workspace. Right? Now, how are we keeping our users safe? And this is really important for us because workspace users we know have a lot of sensitive data. And at the same time, you're getting a lot of data from untrusted sources like email or drive. So, this is really important to keep you protected. The first thing we do is, in addition to all the spam detection that I talked about before, we are looking and scanning every single piece of content that's flowing into Gemini. And we're looking for patterns that might be dangerous. The next thing we do is, we look at the output of Gemini. And we make sure that there isn't anything that could be potentially dangerous in that output. The next thing we're doing is, we are running runtime protections for every single instruction or query that goes into Gemini. And making sure that we're aligning the model to the user's instructions. And last but not least, we are putting protections into the base model. Right? And this is important because aligning the base model to keep workspace users safe is a top priority for us. And just to jump in, Girija, it looks like we are applying protections across all layers through our AI and ML. Powered protections. That's correct. And so, I want to reemphasize exactly what Anu said. We are innovating at every layer of the protection stack, all the way from the application down to the base Gemini model. And this is something that we are in a somewhat unique position to do compared to our competitors. Over to you, Anu. You've heard about all the innovations around our AI-powered threat defenses. Thank you for calling those out, Girija. All the protections that Girija touched on apply to Gemini as well. The four key highlights here is Gemini on workspace is secure by default. It's built on the same secure by default principles with innovations, security related innovations across the entire stack. From the hardware to the foundation models to the Gemini surfaces. Second, we are private by design, which means your data is your data. You own your data. You are the sole arbiter of the data. We don't train our models on your data. Third is advanced data governance. For an enterprise, you want to make sure that you have sufficient controls around your sensitive data usage. First and foremost, Gemini has only access to the data that the user themselves have. And as an administrator, you have data governance and data controls in place to control how Gemini accesses your sensitive data. For example, if you want to, if the user doesn't have the print capabilities on a sensitive document, Gemini does not either. And this is important for an enterprise adoption. Lastly, Gemini and workspace has the broadest and the most stringent security, safety, and privacy certifications that meets the regulatory requirements around the world, including SOX, HIPAA, and FedRAMP. Now, we talked extensively about AI-powered protections, making sure that we protect you from the vast majority of threats. We don't stop there. We protect you at the time you sign in all the way through the user's lifecycle. At sign-in, we are using two-step verification for workspace admins to prevent account compromise. One public service announcement here, if you are a workspace customer, please turn on 2SV for your admins. That reduces the account hijacking threat vector significantly. Secondly, last year's Next, we called out the beta for passkeys. We have seen tremendous results with passwordless sign-in with passkeys. In a few weeks, we will go GA, general availability for the passkeys feature. Anu, I've also been hearing that there's a significant rise in cookie thefts. What are we doing about that? You know, you're always right, Gereja. Over the years, we have seen cookie theft has become a big vector in addition to password theft. We have some exciting defenses here. We launched high-frequency cookie rotation last year. This is essentially ensuring that your cookies rotate in time as defined by you. That reduces the window of opportunity for the attacker, even when they have the stolen cookie, to leverage it and use it. With this feature, we have seen cookie theft reduced by further 22%. The second big thing that I want to call out here is what we call as device-bound session credentials. We are working with the industry to launch this capability. What this means is that you can bind a cookie to a hardware, thereby further reducing cookie theft. This capability will be available to workspace customers in a few weeks as a beta capability, and we'll go through the process of graduation. Now, the other call out with the device-bound session credentials, you may have some vulnerable operating systems and versions. You can use DBSC in conjunction with context-aware access and say, these sort of operating systems that users sign in will always mandate to use device-bound session credentials. Again, the idea is that we follow the user through their lifecycle and protect them from account compromise. Well, we've talked about AI-powered threat defenses. I also want to call out the two additional enterprise security controls that we have around data protection and digital sovereignty. With data protection and our AI-powered data classification, you now have the ability to identify where your sensitive data is located, who has access to it, and how it's being used. And once you have an understanding of your data, you can then establish granular data controls in terms of how the data is used based on its labels. And in terms of digital sovereignty, we are the only cloud-based productivity platform that's built on zero trust with access controls, data region support, and client-side encryption that meets the stringent regulatory requirements around the world. With client-side encryption, as I mentioned, you become the sole arbiter of your data. Even Google cannot see that data. So, Anu, this is great. And we've talked a lot about workspace apps. What about beyond that? What are we doing for third-party apps? You know, you read my mind. With Chrome Enterprise Protection, all the capabilities that I talked about in terms of enterprise controls are available to third-party apps. With Chrome Enterprise Protection, we offer a centralized enforcement point that provides comprehensive security, including advanced malware and phishing protections, sandboxing, URL filtering, and data loss prevention. And these capabilities, like I mentioned, extend beyond workspace. For example, if you have Slack or Salesforce or Workday, you can use Chrome Enterprise Protection to provide the same sort of controls and protections for your third-party apps, for the third-party apps in your environment. And this was applicable both for your managed and unmanaged devices using Chrome. Now, finally, I want to round out and say that with our Google Security Workspace Security Center, you can view, identify, and respond to threats in real-time. Identify any security misconfigurations and correct them in real-time. We also have seamless integration between Google Workspace and Google SecOps. All Workspace activity logs and alerts can be sent to Google SecOps, so you can monitor them for malicious or compromised insider. Google SecOps, as you may know, comes with out-of-the-box detections and playbooks. In case you have a different SIM or an EDR platform, Workspace activity logs can be sent there as well. I want to round this out. We started with saying that there is a rapidly evolving cyber threat landscape, also powered by AI. The need of the hour is not more security products, but more secure products. What do we mean by that? It means embedding security at every phase of the software lifecycle, not just at the beginning or the end. It all starts with a reliable and secure cloud infrastructure with zero trust built-in, not bolted on. With a cloud-native architecture, our customers are up-to-date with security without the need for patching. Our AI defenses across Workspace and Chrome, powered by 5 billion-plus endpoint signals, make sure that we protect you from the rapidly emerging threats. We have made design choices like no desktop client apps because that's a big attack surface, and you don't have to worry about them being patched or secured. Similarly, with Chrome OS, we've never had a reported ransomware attack, and that's not by accident. It's with principles such as verification at boot, a read-only operating system that blocks executables, URL protections, sandboxing, and more. And with Chrome Enterprise and Safe Browsing, we make sure that our users are protected in real time in case they visit dangerous sites or try to download harmful files. And emails and files are not stored on desktop. In case your laptop is stolen, hacked, or compromised, you don't have to worry about your data becoming weaponized. These are some of the secure by design principles that gives us the confidence that we are built for the modern threat landscape, and we have nullified a whole class of vulnerabilities and attack vectors for you as customers. Now, I would like to welcome Adam Nerel on stage. Adam is the CIO of Humana. Humana is one of the largest Nordic healthcare providers. He will share a story about how they moved to Workspace in four months, four months for the 13,000 user organization. Let's welcome Adam on stage. Maybe Adam, to begin with, tell us more about your role at Humana and your journey. Yeah, so I'm the CIO of Humana. And I've been with the company for three years. And we migrated to Google Workspace a year ago with, yeah, a ton of data as it turns out. Yeah. Awesome. So, I have a fun question for you. Adam, what is your favorite workspace feature and why? Yeah, I get that question a lot actually. And there's so many like good features in Workspace, right? But the one feature that I think is really undervalued is actually the login screen, which sort of aligns pretty good with what you've spoken about today. I mean, it must be the world's most common login screen like that's around. You have three billion weekly active users or monthly active users in Gmail or something like that. And yet, like there's literally no meaningful intrusions into like Gmail or any other of the Google applications. So, the amount of sort of engineering that has gone into that and the security in it. And also, while it's super simple, I mean, it really works. The two-factor authentication in that is just, it's really integrated. So, yeah, it's the login screen actually. It's amazing. And I think, you know, as a Google Workspace customer, that's one of the most important thing that we actually pay for is the login screen. It doesn't prompt you too often, but just often enough to keep you secure. Yeah, absolutely. And when it does, you know, it's simple to understand what it wants. And it does very rarely sort of show up in man in the middle attacks and things like that. So, no, no, it's a really good login screen. Awesome. Good. Maybe moving on to more serious business. Yes. What were Humanas challenges that led your team to consider Workspace? And maybe talk a little bit on the before and after. Yeah, absolutely. So, we were actually breached in 2022. And it was like one of these foreign, they weren't state actors, but they were a professional team, let me put it that way, from a very non-friendly country. And at that time, we were, you know, a classical Windows environment. And we weren't by any means perfect. I wouldn't venture to say that. But we were also really not the worst. I mean, we were pretty good, but not perfect, as it turns out. And then sort of while we were pushing, and everything went well in the end, I should sort of mention that. But while we were sort of fighting these bad actors for almost a week, pushing them out several times, we sort of watched them wreak havoc within sort of our Windows environment. And just, it was almost like the security measures in place were optional for them. So, sometimes I say it's like one of these Japanese paper houses meeting a bulldozer. So, it was really scary. And I think at that point, you know, it really dawned on me because everybody speaks about it. And if you follow the breaches, it's all mostly Windows customers that sort of get hacked in a really bad way. It dawned on me that we had to do something differently. And to be honest, we were already looking at Google Workspace, but maybe from a productivity angle, and I'm going to be honest, also a cost-saving angle because, you know, cost is important. But I think after the breach, of course, security became our main sort of driver for making the switch. And that actually made it so much easier to sell to the company that, like, we need to do something. How did you, given that you're a healthcare provider, did you have to face any, you know, solidarity issues that you need to comply with? Any industry-specific regulations? How did Workspace help? Yeah, so, it used to be, actually, that we had, and you mentioned client-side encryption also. So, in Europe, we had this guy who is called, well, his last name is Schrems. And what he does is basically that he sues companies using GDPR. So, at the time, we had Schrems, too. But that was just going away. So, basically, that sort of prohibited us from storing any type of sensitive data in the cloud, which is sort of interesting. Because I would argue that storing data in the cloud, even if it's Google or Microsoft or whatever cloud, it's always better than storing it on-prem from a security perspective. But that was sort of removed by sort of a cooperation between the United States and Europe. So, we're hoping that that's going to stay in place. But then, you know, with Google's, like, if you read Google's DPA, it's sort of the, it's a really clear DPA. It's like one document. And you can really read what Google intends to do with your data. So, that's super clear. And as you mentioned, you have, like, the most security certification of any cloud vendor. So, no, actually, there isn't any sort of legal problems for us using a cloud vendor, which is good. Because, you know, there's always the lawyers and then there's the reality. And the reality of it is, like, the data is more secure with the cloud vendor. So, no, that worked out pretty good. Awesome. Great to hear. What are some of the workspace features that, you know, helped you achieve your goals, especially from a security perspective? Yeah, that's the, like, I mean, that's a really good question. Coming from Microsoft, you start thinking, like, yeah, antivirus or MDM or, like, third party providers and everything. And if you look at the Microsoft licensing model, actually, what, part of what Microsoft does to sort of differentiate its different SKUs is actually its security offering. Whereas, with you guys, you get everything in the cheapest SKU. So, you also like to mention that security is built in and not bolt on, which is, of course, sort of a marketing thing. But it's also actually true. So, once you sort of get into Google Workspace and start using it and your users start using it, you sort of don't think about that. Because you just let them use it. And, of course, you need to configure your Google Workspace tenant a little bit to sort of make it even more secure. But I would say, like, out of the box, it's really secure. And you enable two-factor authentication. And then, of course, it's a little bit simplified. But basically, you don't have to think about it. It's just you dump your data and your users in there and basically you guys take care of the rest. Of course, it's a bit of simplification. But if you compare it to Microsoft, it's actually true. Good to know. Yeah. And then, actually, have you seen any reduction in cost from a cyber insurance or your third parties? You know, if you engage, like, your SOC costs? Yeah. So, as you know, I mentioned initially that cost is always an issue. So, I would say that the first cost saving that comes in is actually, for us at least, it was like, when you're on Chrome OS with Google Workspace, you don't have any more antivirus cost. You don't have to have sort of a third party email security provider. You don't have to have sort of monitoring software or log controls or whatever because that's all included in Google Workspace. And also, I think when you stack all of those tools on top of each other, I mean, you add security in a sense. But, I mean, complexity is actually sort of the enemy of security as well. True. So, you have these really complex environments that are sort of secure, but you don't really know. And it's enough if one of those vendors sort of don't have a good security model for coding or whatever, and then you're basically toast. Right. I can mention Soluins maybe. And you don't have to think about that in the same way with Google Workspace. And, of course, you know, the SOC service providers or MDR service providers, they watch the statistics as well. So, with our SOC provider, a Windows user is actually 10 times as expensive as a Chrome OS user to protect. So, you save costs at a lot of levels while maintaining a much higher security stance. So, that's really good. Maybe what learnings can you share with your peers? Anything that you would do differently as you go through a journey? Yeah. So, actually, our migration, I would say, you know, on a whole went pretty well. One thing that we learned in the process is that sort of if you're with Microsoft 365, they use sort of SharePoint at the core of all file storage. So, you have sort of one version of SharePoint storage for one drive. You then have the classical SharePoint, and then you sort of have Teams, which is actually also built on top of SharePoint, but then sort of extends the SharePoint privilege model a little bit. And then it's actually also quite hard for users to find their information. So, what we noticed was that we had a lot of SharePoint sites. Like, I would say 10 times more than we would expect. So, our main risk that we identified was that, like, when we move all of this data over to Google, as Google is, I mean, also a pretty good search company, is that people are going to find all of this information. And it might be so that that information shouldn't be found. Like, it's been overshared. And we did a lot of cleaning. But, to be honest, we, as it turns out, we didn't do enough. So, we actually had a few of those incidents which we then also reported to the government agencies, appropriate government agencies, like where we had oversharing of documents. So, maybe I would have gone through that a little bit more stringently, actually. Okay. I have a question, Adam. We've talked a lot about Gen.AI usage in enterprises. Yes. What has your experience been with Gemini in workspace and Gemini for enterprise? Yeah. So, I would say, like, we're super happy right now that broader language support is coming to Gemini so we can actually start using it. But, no, seriously, I think, you know, we've heard a lot about Gemini these days, a couple of days here. And I think there's so many different versions of Gemini. But, like, from my maybe simplified view, the Gemini that we get in workspace and the Gemini.google.com is actually packaged products. Like, just like you were saying, like, you have the same DPA as you have, so that's data processing amendment, that you have for Google workspace. You made sure to make it so that Gemini actually follows, like, the same sort of security structure within Google workspace as you have in Drive, for example. So, like, Gemini can't access, like you said, any information that the user don't already have access to. And then, you know, Gemini, from my then compliance and security perspective, is basically like the search box in Drive. Like, it's amazing technology. It works really well. I think the 2.5 model is, like, infinite, much better than 2.0. But, you know, from a compliance and security perspective, it's like the Google Drive search. So, if you trust Google, then you can trust Gemini. So, we actually enable it for all 13,000 users. And sort of we haven't seen any major issues with it yet. So, from a security perspective, but it works. I'm actually a little bit amazed by it right now. Just a little bit. I used to be an AI skeptic, but, you know, I'm getting there. Good to know. I have one more question for you, Adam. So, what advice would you have to other folks in other companies who are, you know, a little afraid of migrating to workspace because it might involve a lot of work? Yeah. Can I add to that? Of course. I think in your case, from our past conversations, you also had a CEO-level sponsorship. We did. You know, what would you share to CISOs and CIOs and security leaders that may not have that level of sponsorship? How would they go about, you know, taking this journey? Yeah. So, I'll answer your question first. Actually, you know, the technical part is not that hard. It's a lot simpler than people think. There's a lot of caveats around it, of course, but it's not really that much of a challenge. You really need to invest in change management. So, to educate your users, explain why you're doing it, make sure that they can ask their questions and you can answer it quickly. And then, too, so we were very fortunate to have a very strong CEO sponsor. And if you don't have that, I would say that you would have to make sure that you get that before you move forward. Because if you migrate to Google Workspace, you really change the way your organization is working. I mean, you touch every employee in that organization. So, you really need that top-level sponsorship. And then, you know, talking to the CEO, maybe you shouldn't sort of mention all the techie stuff, but sort of try to have a more value-based proposition to them. Like, yeah. Sound advice, yeah. Maybe the last question is any new feature that you're excited about or maybe things that you've heard even the last couple of days? Yes. The workflows in Google Workspace. I mean, we're really looking forward to those. They looked really great. The coming soon sticker in the bottom sort of worried me a little bit because coming soon for Google seems to be maybe sometimes 12 to 18 months. But there was an alpha, so we're hoping for rapid deployment on that one. But, yeah, yeah, that looked awesome. And the integration with Gemini and sort of all the things that we're using Apps Script for today, sort of being able to empower our end users. So, if the slides are sort of true to the actual functionality, I think for us it's going to be a game changer. I can assure you we're doing everything possible to bring them quickly. Yes, I hope so. Thank you so much for your time and thanks for sharing all your wisdom to everybody. Thank you for having me. Awesome. Thank you all for attending. Thank you.