 . Our session at Next this year was all about sharing insights of how to develop agents to go to production on Google Cloud. Actually, the session happened the day after we released ADK, the Agent Development Kit, an open source project, a framework that Google has released to help companies around the globe develop agents. That particular product was part of the trusted tester program of Google Cloud AI for the month prior the release. So on stage with us, we had two customers who've evaluated ADK versus other frameworks options in the industry and used it to build agents going to production. First, we had Renault, the car manufacturer out of Europe, who decided to pick ADK to build agents helping with their electric vehicle charging projects. This was a very insightful presentation of a data scientist building a complex multi-agent system relying on ADK, which they had previously compared with other frameworks available in the industry. Also on stage with us was VML, an affiliate of WPP, a company rendering marketing services to enterprises around the globe. They conducted a multi-year journey towards Agent TKI, ending up building a multi-agent system that is some sort of a self-disruption of their own business. They're basically proposing a whole new range of services powered by AI agents. And after considering multiple options in the industry, they decided to develop it on ADK, and they shared their insights and learnings of that journey of developing iteratively the agent, developing a strong evaluation framework with the business within their company, and eventually being able to release the agent. Also on stage with us was our Google Applied AI engineering team, who have been helping dozens of customers during the Trusted Tester Program to build agents with ADK. We shared consolidated learnings about the framework, how easy it is to leverage the latest Gemini innovation with it, but also how easy it is to develop agents in its development environment. We mentioned other aspects of the Trusted Tester Program, such as architecture patterns that we observe and advise to customers, and how we proceed to keep ourselves up to date with all the new innovation coming along the last few months with regards to developing agents. That includes the agent garden within Vertex AI, where you can find samples to develop your own agents and get started. So the session really was about sharing actual insights of building agents, going to production on Google Cloud and leveraging ADK. We look forward to hearing from you as you try this new open source framework, and we look forward to supporting you building agents for your business. Music . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.