 It's a Friday morning, so a little bit of up-leveling our energy. Raise your hand if you've ever used a conversational agent or plan to use a conversational agent in the nearest future. All right. Congratulations. You are in the right session. Today, we're going to be talking about building and deploying amazing conversational agents with no-code and low-code AI agents. So here's what we're going to cover today. First of all, let me introduce our speakers. My name is Giulia Potanina. I represent product management for conversational AI, specifically customer engagement suite with Google AI. I'm going to have amazing speakers on stage with me later today. They're going to introduce themselves as well. And then we're going to cover where conversational agents sit in our broader product portfolio. Then we're going to go over a demo that illustrates a really cool retail experience for a shopping assistant. Then we're going to go over launch announcements to talk about some of the coolest, most amazing features we've recently released in general availability. And then we're going to have a customer spotlight. So we're going to have a customer coming on stage with us today to talk about best practices, what they've learned, what they've launched with our new product portfolio. All right. Time to get excited. Now let's cover CES. What does it stand for? Conversational agents is a product that sits in our broader product portfolio called Customer Engagement Suite. Our mission and vision is to deliver amazing, proactive, generative experiences to our customers. We really want to personalize and be proactive and engage customers in conversations that are human-like. And it's really hard to tell whether it's an actual human being, sales representatives, or a support agent talking to you, or whether it's a conversational agent. We really want AI that knows you, that recognizes you, that knows your preferences, and can upsell, cross-sell, and also get things done for you using some of our new connectors. So Customer Engagement Suite is not a monolithic product. It's an application that handles customer engagement end-to-end. Within that product portfolio for today, we are going to zoom in specifically on conversational agents. But I want you all to be aware of the entire product suite. Within our product suite, we also have a product called Agent Assist that's targeted on employees. Many of you may have heard about Agent Space. So Agent Space is an amazing product that is parallel to us, and we also augment those capabilities with some of the features like summarization, live transcription, live translation, as well as Smart Reply, Smart Compose, AI Coach, and AI Trainer within our Agent Assist offering. Now, last but not the least, we introduce Quality AI and Conversational Insights. Quality AI and Conversational Insights is a product that is designed to help contact center managers and representatives analyze every single interaction in their call center and draw actionable insights. We also have our contact center as a service platform that allows you to deploy many conversational applications across different channels. So that's the entire product suite. Now, we're going to zoom in to conversational agents specifically. So for conversational agents, the reason why we think they're incredibly important is because we see how much impact we can generate with generative AI. We're seeing double-digit increases in productivity, and we're also seeing how human agents get enabled and increase their sales revenue and increase the scale, also double-digit across the board by empowering their teams with conversational agents and with AI. Some of the business impact that we've measured with many of our customers, so you can see that intent detection accuracy gets really close to 100%, and when we say intent, it's actual user intent. It's not the rule-based, old machine learning model intent that we mean here. Those numbers are really incredible. We see customers saving millions of dollars and translating those impact numbers into actual productivity gains for their employees and their customers. So customer satisfaction, average handling time, self-service containment, are some of the key metrics that we see our customers transforming with customer engagement suite with Google AI. Now that we looked at that, let's actually see it in action. Let's experience how a conversational assistant can help you get a problem solved and get things done. So I'm a runner myself, and I know how hard it can be sometimes to choose the right product, right? So I'm looking for a new pair of running shoes, and I need something that is really lightweight and comfortable, because I'm going to be running every weekend. So I want a conversational experience that will be a sales assistant, because the choices are so broad. So let's have a look at the demo of how we can solve that with conversational agents. Does your AI click with you? Conversational agents, powered by Google AI, delivered proactive, personalized, human-like customer experiences. With conversational agents, you can leverage artificial intelligence that knows your business and your customers, anticipates your needs, and engages with customers across every touchpoint. Let's get into it. Welcome back, Julia. You have $25 in award points. What are you interested in today? I'm looking for a new pair of running shoes. I bought an expensive pair on your website with the best reviews, but they just seem so heavy. I get tired too quickly, and my feet hurt. I'm sorry the last ones didn't work out. To help you find the perfect pair of shoes, could you tell me a little bit about your running style? Are you a casual weekend warrior, a dedicated ultramiler, or perhaps a marathon enthusiast looking to PR? More of a casual jogger on the weekends. Perfect. For casual jogging on paved surfaces a few times a week, we want shoes that offer a good balance of cushioning, flexibility, bounce, and energy return to reduce fatigue. I recommend the Freshstride 880 V13 for a lighter, more bouncier feel, or the Velocity Cloud 25, designed to absorb impact and provide a comfortable ride. Let's see more options for a lighter and more flexible feel. Given your preference for green and blue, how about the Freshstride 880 V13 in those colors? Is this what you're looking for? Ooh, I like the first one. How about its weight? The Freshstride 880 V13 weighs 9.5 ounces, which is relatively light for a cushioned running shoe. Would you like to see some customer reviews? Yes, please. Customers say they're incredibly lightweight and comfortable, with an effortless running feel. One reviewer said it feels like running on air. I see you're a size 11. Can you confirm? You're right. You know me so well. Great. Your Freshstride 880 V13 in green, size 11, is ready for purchase and will be shipped to 123 Main Street, New York, New York, with complimentary expedited shipping. To complete your order, we'll process $134.99. Please confirm if you'd like to proceed. Let's do it. I am excited to get them. Excellent. Your order has been placed, and you'll receive a confirmation email shortly with tracking information. Thanks for choosing Symbol Apparel. Thank you. You can see this video in action in one of our booths at the show floor, but let's summarize this real quick. What have we seen? We've seen an amazing voice that sounds like an actual human. As the conversation unfolds, on the left, you can actually see what happens on the back end. We're calling, first of all, we are authenticating Julia, so we already know that she has some points on her account, and we can really personalize this experience. We do support integrations with major CRMs. We also support integrations with structured and unstructured databases and knowledge bases, which means that you can truly personalize how you greet your customers, how you guide them through the entire conversation, and what you suggest, what you sell. We already know that Julia prefers green and blue, so instead of showing her reds and blacks, we're going to be zooming in on the products that she'll actually be likely to purchase that drive sales, that makes the experience really seamless. You also saw how we're integrated with BigQuery and Stripe. It's just two examples of dozens of connectors that we've launched in our product portfolio to allow for faster time to value and to help developers and non-developers be more successful in building conversational agents in just a few clicks. So that summarizes the demo, and with that, I'm going to hand this over to KP to talk about conversational agents and the new console. KP, over to you. Thank you. Hey, all. I'm KP, Senior Product Manager for Conversational Agents Console. You saw that demo. Julia is a very honest responder, because I always say I'm a dedicated ultramiler, as you can tell. That was a joke. Anyway, so let me tell you a little bit about Conversational Agents Console and tell you a little bit about how this demo was actually built as well as what features actually go into that console. So some of you may already be familiar with Dialogflow CX. So we've combined Dialogflow CX and Generative AI into a new console that we call the Conversational Agents console, and we made this generally available in the last month. This combines all of the capability of Dialogflow CX along with Generative AI so you can build what we call Hybrid Agents. Hybrid Agents are agents that can follow both Generative AI as well as use rule-based deterministic flows in order to provide the best experience for your customers and your users. within this console we have pre-built agents and pre-built components to get you started faster. We've launched four new pre-builds in the last month for airline support, movie experts, shopping assistance, and there's one missing but it's going to come soon and that's for appointment booking. These are fully generative. They give you a sense of how to use agents, what are best practices, how to connect them with tools and connectors like Google Maps API for geolocation, Google Calendar for appointment booking, and BigQuery, for example, for data retrieval. So you get a good sense of how to use tools and connectors in order to actually have agents take action in the real world. And the best part is you can either use this agent as is to get started or you can play around with it to actually get a feel for how this should be built and pretty soon we will also have very targeted components that you can just plug into your existing agents. So speaking of connectors, we've also launched a number of different connectors and Julia talked about this. There are data retrieval connectors for things like BigQuery and your popular databases. there's also action connectors in order for you to take action within systems like CRMs, for example. When something like an order is actually placed, you might actually want to take that action and commit that to a CRM on the back end. So you have a number of these connectors and that's how agents take action in the real world, right? So your popular connectors like Salesforce, SharePoint, Jira, ServiceNow are included and we continue to add a lot more as time goes on and as we get more and more feature requirements and feature demand from our customers. It wouldn't be a conversational agent without voice, right? So besides chat, you can also connect all of these agents with our best-in-class voices, both on the speech side as well as converting text into voices. So you saw very natural-sounding human-like voice experiences. We work with our friends in Google DeepMind to develop the best state-of-the-art speech and voice models that talk like human beings. They protect the human-like experiences. They can detect the intent of a customer as well as respond back in ways that feel very human-like and are able to, as you saw probably on the keynote, are actually more natural-sounding than ever before. Some of these voices are now actually available in our conversational agents platform. You must have seen the keynote where Thomas announced Chirp 3. This is our most latest and greatest voice model. There's a number of different voices that you can try out when you have this slide. You can try out those voices online as well as on the console itself. You can also direct these voices and steer them in order to provide pauses, pronunciations, emotion, so they sound more lifelike than ever before. Okay, so let's talk about multimodality because this is one of the most exciting features that I think has come into generative AI in a very long time. What does multimodality mean? It means that an agent is actually capable of understanding and responding back by using all of the different modalities of data like images, voice, screen sharing, video, and be able to actually respond to your customers with all of those capabilities in hand. We have a feature within the conversational agents console that we call Call Companion, which allows you to actually talk to an agent with both voice and chat in parallel. So if there are certain things where you want to actually respond back, let's say you have a social security number that you don't want to speak onto the phone, you can actually type that particular thing in, and so you have a multimodal experience here. You can also upload and understand images alongside that and present images back to your customer, just like you saw the shoes being presented back to a customer and be able to show reviews and things like that in the image of the shoe. That's all the multimodal experiences that we're building into the console. We also have something called the Gemini Live API, and what that allows you to do is actually be able to also screen share with your users so you can actually troubleshoot with them alongside, just like you saw my friend Patrick the other day on stage doing so with his flowers. Okay, so what do we have that actually makes the agents really hybrid, and what does hybrid agent really mean? So generative AI agents are really, really good at responding and behaving like humans, but sometimes they need to be redirected in ways that you don't want them to respond. Let's say you have a canned response that you want to actually provide to your customers as part of, let's say, a legal boilerplate, or you want the agent to always greet the users with a specific kind of greeting, you can direct generative agents now to do that with something that we call code blocks and conditional actions. And so this allows you to override the actual agent response and be able to provide your own response in many different ways. And there's a low-code experience to do that that we call conditional actions, and there's a full-code experience that we call code blocks, which are essentially Python code blocks that you can just provide to the generative agent and just say, please execute exactly this. And that agent will execute that action instead of trying to generate or trying to predict a different action. And you can mix and match here, which is the most powerful aspect here. If you've got an agent that is already built on Dialogflow CX, you can start to actually integrate generative AI directly into that agent right away. Okay. And last, and this is probably the hardest part to do, which is the actual part of hill climbing or improving the quality of your agent. In prior years, this was a much tougher climb, and customers had to build their own pipelines or their own solutions in order to be able to do evaluations on their agents. What we've launched recently, and this is in private preview, so please talk to us if you'd like to be interested in actually testing this out. But we've got an entire evaluations console inside the conversational agents console that allows you to actually build evaluation data sets, golden responses, golden data sets, and be able to compare and contrast the responses from the agent against this evaluation data set. So it can tell you things like how closely the answer matched, whether the answer correctness was up to par, things like that, so you can evaluate the quality of the agent and actually start to make improvements right away in the console. There's going to be a lot more coming on the evaluation side as we build out this functionality. So keep your eyes open for what we'll release in the next few months. Okay, enough about the features. Let's talk about some real customers that are actually using this. So one of the customers that I want to put a spotlight on is Bell Canada. Bell Canada is actually an adopter of our entire customer experience suite, of which conversational agents is a part. They've implemented this in Canada across two languages as well as across three major brands that they manage. They've managed to accomplish about a $20 million savings in labor costs across 1.1 million virtual interactions. So you get a sense of how this conversational agents and the new generative experiences that we can offer to customers allow you to actually reduce the burden on human agents in order to actually save time, improve revenue outcomes and things like that. Okay. And now, actually, I'm going to introduce Sarah and Arno from Bouygues Telecom. They've flown all the way here from France. So please give them a big hand and they're going to talk to you. Thank you, please. Thank you. You guys are great for a Friday morning, especially after a concert. They're going to talk to you about how they're using conversational agents in their business. Thank you, KP. Sure. Hi, everybody. I'm Sarah and this is Arno. We are so excited to show you how Bouygues Telecom is performing with conversational AI today. We believe that AI has the potential to transform customers' relationship in the digital sales channel. Before diving into the details, let me introduce the team that made this project possible. Francois, our lead Open Innovation, who steered the projects with a strategic vision. Then Julien, our product manager, who brought his business, expertise, and knowledge of our customers' needs. And finally, Arno and I, Sarah, the architects and developers who turned this vision into reality. Let me tell you about Bouygues Telecom. We are part of the Brick group, a major player in construction, NRV, services, media, and telecommunications. Brick Telecom is a French mobile and fixed operator with more than 23 million customers. Beyond the numbers, our priority is constantly to improve customers' experience through innovations and more efficient solutions. So, picture this and let's come with me into a Brick Telecom store. You are faced with so many possibilities, offers, fonts, colors, memories, plans, fine machines options. Thanks God, a salesman's coming. It takes time to understand your needs. At that moment, he mentally scanned the huge Brick Telecom catalog, comparing, searching, configuring, and recommending the best option, the one that is truly made for you. So, you buy a phone, you leave the store happy with it, feeling reassured, confident, because you made the right choice. That's exactly that magical moment. When the customers feel understood and well advised, we wanted to replicate him with an AI agent. Our starting point was to reproduce the expertise and the feeling of the in-store sales person to reinforce trust with customers and boost sales. In September 2024, we did it. Our team reached a significant milestone. We became the first French operator to use Generative AI for sales. We wanted to create that bridge between the in-store and the digital experience. Our goal was simple. To put a powerful and accessible Generative AI solutions in the hands of our customers to help them to make the best choice, like a true sales person. Let's see what we got. Arno? Hi, everyone. Let me start with a simple question. Who here can sell me this phone? Please try. In order for you to sell this phone to me, you need, what you need is mastering the art of sales. First, you need your virtual assistant to be extremely accessible and let your customers reach you by text, by voice, or from your website. Like a true salesperson, you need it to be extremely fluent. It must be able to maintain natural, fluid, human-like conversations with you to handle digressions and switch between topics, like a true salesperson. You need it to be extremely assertive with access to knowledge from your own tools, and you need it to be able to convert, like in sales conversions, because its main mission, its core goal, is to convert and transform, like a true salesperson. Let's deep dive into the architecture. When using conversational agents, behind the scene, what you design are playbooks. You give them a name, a goal, and a set of instructions. And what's really unique now is Gemini is part of the team. It's part of the efforts. You rely on it to generate instructions. You rely on meta-prompting for an AI-assisted agent development. So you work faster and better, maybe stronger too, right? Because who else other than Gemini knows itself better? Then you create tools, all the same virtual tools a real human person will use in store to deliver the true information and prevent hallucinations, especially on prices. Security. Security is native to conversational agents with embedded security and safety filters on ground rails. confidentiality is mandatory to us too, with respect to both GDPR and the European AI Act. Then you need to focus on understanding how humans interact with the virtual agents. And at Bweek Telecom, we relied on Google conversational insights to track usage. And we did, we aided two more integrations, such as Piano Analytics, which was an analytics platform we already used at Bweek Telecom, and LangFuse through a bit of BigQuery integration to further process and analyze the actual conversation data. We started with a simple and mono agent at the beginning, back in September. Now we are working on expanding it into multiple agents, all while sharing a context between these agents. Frontend is done using conversational messenger. It's all backed in. It's all baked in. All rendered using web standards, using web technology, web components, with some massive tweaking on our end, such as integrating with our own design system, using actionable widgets for the end user, and some custom features, such as speech to text, so that voice can be an option to our customers. Finally, we partnered with Google and with Google Cloud. And as we relied on Google Cloud, as a lot was built on preview features back in the day, all was done in tight cooperation with the Google engineering team. A big shout-out to both Pac and Gabi. Thank you, guys. It's not finished. Thank you. We all can see into action now. We are very proud of the results, because in only five months, we gave birth to our first true salesperson agent, able to understand the intent, and to convert. With a rich user experience, with this hybrid approach, multimodal and on-screen awareness, as a customer, on the Brick Telecom website, you can both explore the website, click on it, swipe on it. You do it all your way, all while chatting with the agents. And the context is shared. In terms of deployment, we are very satisfied. At night, we already run more. 10,000 conversations when stores are closed. So we can compare our virtual agents with a human seller. And what we actually saw was very similar performances in terms of sales conversions. As a Google customer, we want to share a few secrets with you, a few takeaways. First one being conversational agents has been our tech enabler. Second, execution is key, right? So we had to create a feature team of four people, no more, no less. And using Gemini with the ability to generate instructions for itself, which is meta-prompting, right? And a rich user experience throughout our website integration. Okay. Our secret sauce is not yours. We really enjoyed introducing you to our very true salesman agent today. Later on, Sarah and I will be pleased to answer your questions. Merci. Merci. And now, back over to Julia, who will close us out with a summary and a few action items. Thank you. Stellar job, you guys. All right. I feel like those folks are selling our product much better than we do. Amazing job. All right. How do you get started with this stuff? How do you transform your customer engagement with conversational agents? Let's close this out with a few action items. First of all, let's recap what we've learned today. Number one, our new unified conversational agents console for development of hybrid agents is now in general availability. This is probably the most important takeaway. General availability means that you can launch for large production workloads. It's stable, and you already saw our customers doing that and accomplishing great results. Number two, new voices and new human-like voice experiences. We're using our latest research and our latest capabilities in partnership with DeepMind to bring the best of Google to you all. Three, pre-built agents. You don't have to start from scratch. We have reference agents and examples that will help you get started. For instance, we have a shopping assistant that you can get started from. We also have conversational agents that are integrated with different connectors that you can start from. Out-of-the-box connectors, we went over those and showed you some of the examples while bringing even more connectors to our conversational agents console in the future. Now, what is the value that you should expect from our entire product portfolio? This covers not only conversational agents, but also our entire suite agent assist, insights, and quality AI. So, we see amazing results with quality AI and insights driving actionable insights and driving actionable decision making. We see employee productivity, saved costs, reduced average handling time. We'll also see higher customer satisfaction and loyalty, higher NPS with our customers. And those are also, we have some customers that share this publicly. security and reliability, we went over that. It's embedded. It's a part of the product. So, you can really rely on our product offering to build something that truly stands. Enterprise readiness. We've been doing it for quite some time. Unlike some of our competitors, we've been really spending years and years investing in our infrastructure, investing in regionalization, languages, and supporting our customers at scale. We've learned a lot through those years of experience while also bringing the latest and best of our research to the market. How do you get started? You can go ahead and start searching for conversational agents from Google online, and then you will immediately get to our console, and you can start building right away. You can grab one of our pre-built components, one of the four pre-built components that give you the end-to-end experience. You can also join us for a live demo of what you saw earlier today in our booth at the showcase floor. I'm going to be there later this afternoon, so if you want to chat, ask questions, we have an amazing group at the booth that will be more than happy to talk more in case we don't have enough time for questions. All right. You can scan this QR code, learn more about customer engagement suite with Google AI, and then once again, thank you all so much for being an amazing crowd and listening carefully to all of our announcements. I want to thank our presenters. Thank you all so much. Thank you.