 This session was under embargo, so we could not use the official term CloudWAN. But I'm very pleased. Now we are extending cross-cloud network, which is about connecting global enterprises with CloudWAN. With me, my name is Monandar Singh Sambi. I'm a part of the cloud networking team here at Google Cloud. I'm going to be joined with Manisha Gupta, who is our group product manager at Google Cloud, and with our esteemed customer, Ralph, head of platform global. Now, we launched and announced Google Cloud cross-cloud network back in 2023, August. We've had a phenomenal journey ever since. 50% of the Fortune 500 have adopted one use case at a minimum. We've had a lot of time. We've had a lot of time. We've had a lot of time. Transporting at least 23 exabytes of data per month. That's huge. And we could not have done it without the support of our customers, so let's give a round of applause to all our customers for deploying cross-cloud network. The first use case was all about multi-cloud networking. It was about connecting applications from your data centers, co-location facilities, or any other cloud that could use and consume Google Cloud native services, BigQuery, Spanner, Cloud SQL, AI infrastructure. The second use case that we talked about is our global front end, where we can securely deliver the best application experience of your internet-facing applications, independent of where the backends are. The backends could be in Google Cloud, could be on-prem, or even in any other cloud, without having to expose public IP addresses. And last, we're really pleased and super excited to be announcing CloudVan, which is extending the cross-cloud network infrastructure that we have, extending it to the enterprise to connect high-performance connectivity and migrating your branch and campus environments. Enterprise networks have evolved over time. We have all experienced what it used to be back in the day with MPLS to how they deploy today. So I'm going to play a quick video as a recap to remind all of us on how far networking has come. Thank you. Enterprise network needs have evolved over time. Multi-protocol label switching, or MPLS, was used to connect data centers, campuses, and branches. It provided high reliability and predictable performance, but with expensive dedicated circuits, which took a lot of time to deploy and were inflexible. Shift to internet and SaaS applications demanded a network transformation, and software-defined WAN emerged as the solution. It provided a cost-effective alternative, using direct internet access with centralized management, automation, and network insights. But this led to security challenges, as branches were open to public IP addresses. Shift to cloud-based private apps, demanded enterprises use SD-WAN over the internet, or colo-based cloud on-ramp. Distributed private applications required site-to-site connectivity. This led to higher cost due to colo infrastructure and multiple security touchpoints. Accelerated pace of Gen AI adoption by customers drove multi-cloud adoption for choice of multimodal LLMs. This required a high-performance, low-latency, secure, and reliable network to deliver the next-generation application experiences. All these changes in networks led to multiple challenges. App performance is not reliable due to dependency on internet and bespoke networks stitched together. Security is not consistent with bespoke security stacks at colo, data center, cloud, and branches. Costs are high, with enterprises having to stitch together multiple service providers and vendors. Google has built a planet-scale, highly reliable WAN network for applications such as Search, YouTube, Maps, Workspace, and more that are used by billions of users all over the world. What if Google provides a network to enterprises that is reliable, fully managed, secure by default, built for best-in-class application performance, provisioned with global capacity, lower total cost of ownership? Google introduced cross-cloud network in 2023 to solve some of these challenges and to support distributed applications and global front-end use cases. Cross-cloud network, now extended to support Google Cloud WAN. One network for the enterprise, built for the AI era. Now many of you can connect with us going back looking at your own enterprise networks, building bespoke infrastructure, delivered by fragmented security with point product solutions. And obviously, a very tough choice between reliability and cost. And Google Cloud WAN solves exactly that. It's one network for the entire enterprise needs. It's built for the AI era. It's a fully managed infrastructure that is SLA-backed to provide any-to-any connectivity. With the unique architecture that we have, we've also improved the application performance. We can have up to 40% better application experience, lower latency for your applications that are in the cloud, or even SaaS applications, or even if it is just internet browsing from your infrastructure. Now, in order to do this, we are leveraging the high-performance backbone that we have had, and I'm going to talk into details of what that is. As the video mentioned, this backbone service, a billion users today for search, for YouTube, and obviously even for our cloud customers. And we are now extending the power of that backbone for all of you to be able to use the Google backbone as your enterprise backbone. Security is top of mind. We at Google Cloud feel security should never be bolted on. It should be embedded, it should be built in in everything that we do, whether you're trying to protect your users, your employees, your partners, or your applications. Even in the AI era, the agents that you're developing from an AI perspective need to be protected. You can consolidate all your multiple MPLS, internet, co-location facilities now to a converged infrastructure, thereby taking the advantage of up to 40% total cost of ownership reduction. There are two use cases that we are extremely happy to announce today. The first one being the high-performance connectivity. So we had a portfolio of cloud interconnect, of cross-cloud interconnect, and we are now launching cross-site interconnect, which is a layer-2 connectivity to connect your co-locations, your data centers, through a layer-2 protected capacity. We're also extending the cross-cloud network infrastructure with CloudWAN to migrate your branch and campus, your warehouses, your factory floors, onto a common converged infrastructure. All of this is built on Google Backbone. We have revamped our global network that's built for the AI era. In the AI era, high-performance, scale, reliability are table stakes. We all expect all of it to just work naturally. With this new backbone, we have now extended exponential scalability that will allow us to handle massive amounts of data and traffic. We are going beyond nines. The industry talks about three nines, four nines, five nines. We are building a multi-shod architecture that goes beyond nines. We are also going to provide programmability that's fully intent-driven at global scale. And last, which I'm very excited about, is the ability for us to go from automation to autonomous behavior. We have all talked about these buzzwords on automation and zero-touch provisioning for a decade now. These are good buzzwords. What if the network could be run with AI agents? To help you do strategic investments, to be able to do better root cause analysis, and provide improved reliability. We have done exactly that. I'm going to give you a quick overview of what our Google global network is about and how it's revamped. Google's global network spans millions of miles of fiber, ensuring high-speed, reliable connectivity across the globe. This network connects all the Google Cloud regions around the world. Within each region, the network connects all the zones, and within each zone, it connects all the data centers. It also connects the Edge Pops to Google's data centers. This network model has served us well for over two decades. However, to meet the scalability demands of the AI era, we have to think differently. Traditional network scaling has limits. In addition to scaling vertically, can we scale horizontally? We added multiple independent shards, each with independent data, control, and management planes. This multi-shard network enables us to scale horizontally. Besides scalability, our multi-shard network enables high resilience. Each shard has an independent data, control, and management plane. So, an issue or failure in one shard is isolated only to that shard. Furthermore, our multi-shard network also has region isolation. A bug or an operator error in one region has a limited impact radius and does not affect other regions. To take resilience up another notch, we have introduced protective reroute, a groundbreaking innovation that represents a paradigm shift in how we think about network resilience. The host instantly detects failures and redirects traffic by changing a few bits in the packet header that are used to compute a hash function for selecting a path among many equal-cost paths. This way, the traffic switches over to an alternative path, ensuring consistent performance and near-instant recovery. While standard routing and traffic engineering will also catch up, it would take longer than protective reroute. The reroute can be to another link within the same network shard or to a different network shard. Just as a theoretical example, let's see this in action for a failure in one network shard. The same technique can also help route around complex network failures of a much larger scale. Even if one of the parallel networks breaks down due to a major failure event, protective reroute will enable the host to route via another parallel network to maintain connectivity. With groundbreaking innovations such as multi-shard network and protective reroute that enable scalability and resilience across the different layers of the network, Google's next-generation global network is built for the AI era. Now, you all must be wondering why did we use protective reroute when there are technologies like MPLS FRR or segment routing. Our engineering team at GGN looked at all technologies and believed for the AI era, the convergence times that standard-based technologies like MPLS FRR or segment routing could not meet our needs. So as Google engineers, we like to solve complex problems, hard complex problems, and they did exactly that. With protective reroute, you will get better convergence when a shard or a single segment of the network fails better than any technology that is out there in the industry. I'm going to now invite Manisha Gupta to come and talk about the two use cases on CloudVan. Thank you, Manisha. Thanks, Manish. So you all heard Sundar and Manish talk about CloudVan. I'm very excited to be here to talk to you about the two use cases in more detail. Let's start with the first one, which is the high-performance connectivity for your data centers. So we have the Cloud Interconnect product that provides very high-speed, high-performance access from your on-prem data centers to the cloud. Our customers told us that they want a similar type of connectivity so they could consume Google-native services from their applications sitting outside Google Network, and we introduced the cross-cloud interconnect in 2023. 2023. But there is still one gap. You are still relying on lease line infrastructure and co-locations for connecting your on-prem data centers. And this is a big overhead because you have to manage and maintain a separate network from your interconnect services that you are using for your colo-to-cloud and your cloud-to-cloud connectivity. And today, we are announcing cross-site interconnect that addresses that gap. It's built on the same infrastructure as interconnect and cross-cloud interconnect. And now, with one interconnect portfolio, you can converge all your connectivity needs for on-prem to cloud, cloud to cloud, as well as connecting your on-prem data centers or co-locations over layer-to-connectivity. cross-site interconnect, it's a layer-to-connectivity service. It offers 10 gig, 100 gig, protective capacity. And it's a cloud-first, layer-to-high-speed connectivity solution. It runs over our backbone, and it comes with built-in path diversity and redundancy to give you a 4.9 SLA. And it is fully managed, so you don't need any additional infrastructure in your co-locations to connect your data centers anymore. Let's take a closer look. Today, when you're building your own connectivity, you are consuming three to four times more capacity from different providers. And you're stitching it all together on your own, because no single provider provides you this end-to-end capacity, which leads to a lot of operational overhead. And finally, you also have to manage this connectivity to outlive any failures. So you might have heard about, you know, failures like cable cuts. So you have to manage those kind of failures on your own. With Google, you get one protective circuit, and that can adapt on its own to any outages that your network may experience. And this is because of our sub-sea cable infrastructure that we have worldwide. Citadel Securities is already taking advantage of our cross-site interconnect service to enhance the stability and the reliability of their network. So we talked about the data centers. Now let's talk about how we can connect across branches and campus locations using our same high-performance backbone connectivity. And that's our second use case for CloudVan. With CloudVan, you can connect any branch, any campus to the internet, to a cloud app, or any SaaS application. And you do this with 40% improvement in your application performance and 40% reduction in your total cost of ownership. We believe that you, our customers, should have the flexibility to use your preferred network or network security providers. And we make it happen through our deep integrations with our partner ecosystem. Premium tier network gives you any-to-any connectivity. It's unparalleled. You can connect to any of our 42 regions through any of our 202 edge locations. And this runs over our 2 million-plus miles of fiber. Your traffic will enter Google network closest to the user, and it will exit our network closest to the application. This is what leads to the application improvement, the application performance improvement. Let me go into a little bit more detail so we can all understand this. Today, when you connect your branch to an application, it has to go through multiple internet hops, and every internet hop introduces latency. With premium tier network, we bring your traffic into the Google backbone from the closest edge pop, and we minimize the number of internet hops that your traffic has to take in order to reach cloud or SaaS. Google network is ranked number one amongst all cloud providers with 5,700 BGP peerings. So what does that mean? It means that we give you the most optimal traffic handoff to any network outside of the Google network. And that's how we achieve the 40% latency reduction. Reliability comes up as the most frequently asked question from our customers, and cloud one gives you 4.9 reliability out of the box. And this entire infrastructure is fully SRE managed. It's a closed-loop automation system to ensure business continuity for you. This is in contrast to the traditional NOx where you had to use manual processes, you had to use many tools, you had to do all that correlation to be able to do some kind of a root cause analysis before you could actually go and fix the problem, which led to outage times. So all of this is fully managed for you when you start using cloud one. And a year, right? And you sort of realize this group will be utterly swamped by failure management if they are doing things by hand. Therefore, the only practical way to solve this problem was to have the team writing tools and eventually systems to do error detection and error management and error mitigation rather than doing it by hand. And so that immediately said you have to hire software engineers to manage this problem that historically has been an operations problem. And once you start doing that, you realize that in addition to getting scalability, you also get speed because these systems can, they never get tired, right? They never get bored and they can detect problems more quickly than a human. And if the problem is within their remit, they can also fix the problem more quickly than a human. And so you actually get more reliability out of this system because the errors and the downtime are shorter in addition to getting scalability. So that was Ben Treanor, Vice President at Google Cloud. And he's the person who invented the term SRE. So if you're wondering what you just heard, you heard from the person who invented SRE. And as you heard from Ben, software agents are managing networks more efficiently and they are delivering high reliability. So we talked about the backbone. But what about connecting your branches to the backbone? Our VPP partners provide resilient connectivity into Google Network. We have 28 partners today and we are rapidly expanding this program to bring your preferred ISP to peer with us in redundant locations. Partners like Lumen and BT are offering SLA-backed connectivity from last mile all the way into our cloud. Let's hear directly from Dave Ward. He's the CTO and CPO at Lumen. What's really key, you've got two million miles of subsea cable and connecting your data centers together. We have 22 million miles of MetroFiber to create direct fiber access into your cloud for enterprise customers. Now we're taking that a step further and innovating with your teams such that what we want to be able to do is take those access links and that Metro access capability and use software defined networking and have a programmable underlay to match the SD-WAN overlay into. so now in the AI world enterprises and branches have the capability to utilize SD-WAN technology but for large volumes of traffic by reserving the bandwidth and by having predictive latency as well across that network. so as you heard from Dave you can now use SD-WAN for your high traffic volume use cases with SLA backed last mile to cloud connectivity offerings from our partners. So many of you have already adopted SD-WAN for your branch and campus connectivity and you're managing headends in your data centers or you're managing your headends in your co-locations. So how do you integrate with Cloud-WAN? You can start by augmenting your SD-WAN deployment into Google region add a headend into one of our cloud regions add it as an NCC spoke and natively integrate into our backbone or you can continue to run your overlay network using that headend. Our broad ecosystem extends to leading SD-WAN vendors in the industry so you have the choice to continue to use your preferred SD-WAN provider with our Cloud-WAN solution and in addition you also get the choice to self-manage your SD-WAN overlays or you can consume it as a managed service using services from one of our strategic partners. We also know that security is top of mind for you and most of our customers they love their security stack and they don't want to get rid of it. So what we have done is we have gone and partnered closely with leading network security providers to bring their services for you natively within our Cloud-WAN fabric so you can get that unified security posture across all your deployments. and we are excited to introduce NCC Gateway. It's a new service that offers cloud-native service stitching between your cloud on-ramp and your preferred security stack be it SASE be it our Cloud NG firewall or it could be your own preferred NG firewall service. NCC Gateway can be further extended to off-ramp high-performance private app traffic for your critical applications. Application latency is one common problem that we hear from our customers as soon as they insert a security stack and NCC Gateway solves that problem for you. Let's hear from some of our partners. I think this is what's exciting about the combination of Cisco SD-WAN and Google is that we were able to take SD-WAN technology and show that you can fuse together multiple unreliable links and create one extremely reliable link at a very low cost. And that was the SD-WAN revolution that eliminated dedicated fixed wires. So that works for the first mile. But what about all the miles in between? Right? And this is where our partnership I think is so interesting by bringing Cisco SD-WAN technology right into the Google network and then seamlessly merging that into the Google backbone we're able to deliver on that promise of it just works all the time every time. And also it works really, really fast because in this AI world the speed of the network is going to grow exponentially. So I think the first thing together is that we have global scale because of your points of presence that are across the world with the stacks that we have deployed both for SD-WAN as well as SASE at those points of presence a customer that may be only a small customer that is local but also could be a multinational customer with branches across the entire world they can expect that global presence from us. The second is because of the engineering that we've done together both from the end points all the way into where the application is they can expect low latency. Low latency is the currency going forward for all of these types of applications. And the third piece that people can expect from us together is total cost of ownership is going down. And it's not just because you can replace some very expensive networking with less expensive networking but it takes much less to run these systems now because of the engineering because of the automation because of agentic than it used to before. High performance low latency SLA backed that is where the power of Google backbone and Prisma SASE come together to provide that higher performance. And look both of these can be real hard from an operational standpoint. And this is where we as partners Palo Alto and Google Cloud have come together to simplify this for you with a simplified pane of glass and unified policies. Today I want to talk about securing remote access in our increasingly cloud-driven world and specifically how Minnlo Security is teaming with Google Cloud to make that a reality. Our focus is on eliminating the risk of malware and preventing data loss. We're tackling the challenge of securing remote access to corporate resources especially in today's distributed and AI-driven environments. We're moving beyond traditional VPNs to a cloud-delivered secure access secure edge or SASE architecture. This ensures seamless and secure access to applications and data no matter where they reside. On the network side and SSE we have a really interesting portfolio which is a combination of the traditional on-prem or virtual proxies or cloud-based service the web gateway service in the cloud and then CASB also cloud-provided DLP which can exist on-prem or in the cloud. So we have a really strong portfolio that's been built for and used by the most sophisticated organizations on the planet. A lot of our strategy now is now bringing that set of capabilities to a broader market much like you're talking about with the extension of Cloud WAN. As threats have become more prevalent as you've seen more attackers coming with more advanced threats further down market it turns out everybody needs enterprise-grade security. SSE and the web security side of this are really critical part of our strategy and making that in Google essential to our delivery. okay so you heard from our partners now we covered various aspects of Cloud WAN but before I wrap up I want to talk about cost because ultimately like the question that everybody has on their mind is this is all good but what is it going to cost me right so we know that your traffic needs will change over time so we want you to have the flexibility to choose the pricing model that works the best for you. You could start off with our pay-as-you-go model you could switch to our fixed pricing model as your traffic volume increases and you need that cost predictability in your environment and when you compare this to an MPLS-based solution you see 50% or more savings on your network spend. You can bring down your COLA operations cost your fixed upfront costs by aggregating your carrier neutral facilities into fewer cloud regions because of our premium tier network and gain up to 40% or even higher savings in your co-location operations. With that I would like to invite Muninder and Ralph on stage to tell us about how Nestle is taking advantage of Cloud One. Thank you Manisha. Welcome Ralph. Thank you for having me what an exciting day. Yes thank you for being here. I think the audience first of all you've been a very good co-development partner as we were on this journey of Cloud One. I think a lot of people know Nestle it might be good if you can just introduce what the company is about. Yeah so we are the largest food and beverage company in the world. We have a very simple purpose is to unlock the power of food hence the quality of life for everyone today and for generations to come. And we do that for humans all the way to pets. We own iconic brands like Nescafé and I hope you all had one for breakfast and if it was Nescafé I hope it was Nespresso. And if you didn't have a Nespresso I hope you had some of our ice cream or Perrier or some Pellegrino in between. And of course when you come home and feed your cats and dogs it's of course Purina. So you know what you have to buy when you get out of this room or sit in front of your screen. We have operations in 188 countries in this world. We have more than 1,700 locations which we need to connect and around 400 factories and over 275,000 employees worldwide. Wow, that's a global scale infrastructure. Yes, and it has its challenges and that's how we ended up in this partnership right? Roughly two years ago when we just had finished our move to SAP RISE RISE. So for who don't know we are actually also one of the largest or the largest SAP RISE instance in the cloud. So we were in the cloud very active. But our network was still very traditional. We had an MPLS backbone. We had finished our SD-WAN migration. But we didn't feel we get what we need. And we felt like how can we do it better? How can we become more cloud-centric? So that's when the idea came is why we are actually not using a cloud-native backbone? Why we don't use Google's backbone in this case? And actually we had an amazing aha moment. Roughly I think it was a year ago there was an undersea cat on the west side of Africa. And on the Egypt side some pirates were so nice to cut the cables as well. And half of West Africa was completely isolated also for us. But then we figured out Google is still working. And then together with your partner Palo Alto, I hope it's okay to mention them, we were able actually really quickly to reroute the traffic via the Google backbone and our factories weren't down for longer than a day. And that's when we saw our decision to go with you was the right decision. Yes, absolutely. And that's where the Google architecture comes in. I mean, the first thing is the 1,500 sites globally dispersed. There is no option for a business downtime in the world that we live in. Business downtime is directly related to revenue loss. And having this global infrastructure with the 33 subsea cables, the 2 million plus miles, we were able to at least showcase that we were able to keep up your business continuity, which is very critical. And I want to put it in a financial context. We have some factories, if they are down for more than 10 minutes, that's roughly 2.5 million US dollars lost. I'm sure a lot of enterprises here, when they think about downtime, they're probably also calculating and understanding it costs millions of dollars. There is no in the world that we live in, especially as it comes to AI, the opportunity to have a downtime does not exist. And then you also talked about SAP RISE, which is very interesting. Your SAP RISE runs on a different cloud. You're one of the big users of SAP RISE. And we were with premium tier network able to showcase connecting all your 1,500 plus sites, lower latency to be able to connect to SAP RISE and provide continuity. Yes, we are roughly, and we will see that I think later, 40% faster than we were before we started the journey. Very nice. The other thing is about not just connecting to one cloud, you're also leveraging our cross-cloud interconnect that Manisha talked about to connect to newer clouds in your own VPC. VPC. And that's worked out really well because you have a private, fully managed, SLA-backed, direct connectivity from Google VPC to a different cloud provider where your application might actually be resigning. Yes, we do. And like I said, since we started the migration, we still have a few locations to go. I mean, with getting downtime, it's extremely difficult. But all the sites we have migrated, the performance improvement we have seen, incredible, to the degrees that users actually tell us, hey, why is it all of a sudden so fast? Right? Usually you never hear users talking positive about network. Usually we just get beaten up. We hear the same from our developers. But it's very interesting, like you also talked about we can't deliver everything by ourselves. And one of our big strategies has been around the partnership, the strategic partnership that Manisha talked about with our ISV ecosystem. And you talked about follow-up to networks being one of them where you can now consume not just our infrastructure, but the SD-WAN, the Cisco SD-WAN headend that you have that you're going to be putting in our cloud regions, stitch it together with the future, either a firewall or a SASE service that's also hosted in Google Cloud and fully operate it as a single entity. So what are the benefits that you've, if you were to summarize for the audience here who are probably in the same journey as you, in a multi-cloud journey, it's going to get even more complex with AI, fragmented security, hard to make sure all the security controls are. If you were to summarize, what are the three big benefits that you saw with Cloud Van? Let me just go one step back on the AI side. What really impressed me this morning with the keynote, we talked first about the infrastructure and data, right? Because AI won't fly without decent infrastructure. And that's something I really liked about the keynote this morning to say, hey, you need to do your infrastructure first, then you need your data, and then AI will fly and work. And that's no different for Nestle, it's no different for any of us. So that's why we also changed how we do network because we really saw we need to do network different. But what we've seen already on benefit, besides the flexibility and agility we have, is a 40% improvement of our applications in average. And these are not, when I saw your numbers in this presentation, I said, did you take the numbers we provided you? So that is what we measured, not what Google measured, right? These are our own measures, which is really reassuring that other customers see the same thing. I don't want to say how much we saved, right? Otherwise, Google may increase the prices, so that's... But, look, the savings we have seen there on TCO, they are bulk pack correct, right? Going for a more agile and flexible model at the same time. It also helps a bit of a trend in the telecom industry. More and more telcos going back from, I want to do everything global to focus on their local region where they are strong. And this multi-ISP integration, and we're using quite a few of the ones you had on the list there, certainly helps that and brings your costs down, especially when you are SD1 native like we are. And then resiliency and scale. I made my team's offer, if we achieve one day 99.99 availability, I will retire. So, it could backflip. If they like me, they will drag it out. If they don't like me, maybe next year I'm without a job. But, look, resiliency is at the core of what we do. That's why you go to the cloud. When you go to the cloud, it is really you want the resiliency. The amount of effort Google puts into their cloud data centers, we would never put into our own data centers. I wouldn't have ten links going in. Yes, we had everything duplicated, right? So, if you have your infrastructure in the cloud, you also need to have your network in the cloud. It gives you this additional resiliency. The traditional MPLS backbone is just not cutting it anymore. It doesn't give you the agility and the flexibility. Especially as we talk more and more cloud and edge, right? The edge will become more and more important driven by data value, by OT data, housed in LLMs for latency critical traffic or for traffic which is really you only need in your single location. So, all that comes really nicely together with the cloud van backbone. Google van backbone. Sorry. It's cloud van. You're absolutely right. But, no, this has been a tremendous journey. I think from the keynote what you mentioned, as many customers approach us, they talk about an AI strategy, they talk about a data management strategy, they talk about a cloud strategy where the AI, Gen AI application is hosted. More and more now customers are talking about networking and network security strategy which is foundational and fundamental to anything to do with AI. Correct. And we are on this journey together. Thank you for the co-development that you've done with the team. We really appreciate the partnership. Absolute pleasure. Thank you. As you heard from our esteemed customer, global enterprise, being able to achieve what we had just talked about. And it's amazing to see that when we measured latency, it's 40%, it came out to be very similar to what Nestle had measured latency as well. Now, I talked about SD-WAN, SASE, security. Super important. More and more customers are coming and saying, I have this branch infrastructure where I'm actually doing truck roll of servers, physical infrastructure that I have to deploy. I want to get to a point where they call it either a lean branch or a cloud branch. It actually means the same thing for me. And this is exactly what we are trying to do next. We have brought you all the SD-WAN partners. We have brought you the SASE security providers. And we are really pleased to now expand our ecosystem beyond SD-WAN and security. And for that, we've been partnering really closely with Infoblox, a leader in DDI. Many of you have asked me what does DDI stand for? It's DHCP, DNS, and IPAM services. It's so foundational to any branch or campus environment that is out there. And Infoblox, being a leader in DDI service, is now offering this in Google Cloud, available globally in every region of ours. So if your branch is anywhere in the environment in the globe, they can provide this service as a service without having to do truck roll of servers or upgrading software on the physical infrastructure. Very, very powerful. We also understood, now that we have a low latency, high performance, reliable network, what else is possible? Many of our enterprises have deployed wireless infrastructure that is needed to connect employees, IoT devices. And we were working very closely with a modern wireless infrastructure provider, Juniper Mist, where they are offering network admission control, NAC. They are offering wireless LAN services, location, AI ops, all delivered in the cloud. They are AI native. They are leveraging some of the AI infrastructure that we provide through Gemini and other models through Vertex AI. We're really happy about the partnership here. This is the start of a journey, and we're going to continue to expand our ISV ecosystem. Now let's hear it from Scott Harrell, the CEO and president for Infoblox, and Sujay Hajela, who is the SVP general manager on Juniper Mist. You think about speed. I mentioned that earlier. Customers want to go fast. And the reality is it can be done in a much faster way if you seamlessly integrate our services, Universal DDI, with Google Cloud WAN. It makes it simple for the customer to consume, simple for the customer to deploy, simple for the customer to manage. We also can help minimize latency. You mentioned how important that was to customers. Well, the reality is if you distribute those network services closer to the user, you're going to have better latency. You're going to have faster lookup times that the customer is going to experience that the application will perform better. And then resiliency. As you mentioned, people used to be highly centralized. Well, it's the same for network services. They were always aggregated into a central place. With Google Cloud WAN, we can distribute those everywhere so there's no single point of failure. And if there is a failure, we can just fail over to another node. And so it helps create a highly resilient both network and fabric as well as network and services fabric. And this is super powerful for what it means for customers. From our perspective, if you really think about branch transformation, it is driven by the need to modernize IT. Many CIOs call it digital transformation. Many CIOs call it transformation of my network or the store of the future or the hospital of the future. If you start looking at network services hosted in GCP, like DDI, like Wireless LAN, Wired, NAC, IoT, Analytics, Location, will and have to be delivered as a cloud service. Key elements. Migrating from an on-premises to a cloud architecture. GCP was a key partner for us. And you know we spoke about this thing. Adopting SD-WAN, secure SD-WAN for agility. Ensuring seamless and hybrid remote work support. Prioritizing security with zero trust. AI-driven threat detection, endpoint protection. Last but not the least, enabling AI-driven decision making with real-time analytics and self-driving operations. Now, all of you are wondering, I've got the best in cloud services. I can build a lean or a cloud branch with additional services of universal DDI and wireless infrastructure. That's what they talked about. You also talk about observability. So we have observability partners. You can use any of them to seamlessly integrate and get end-to-end visibility into Google Cloud WAN. Now, before I go into the managed services, let's give a big round of applause for all our ISC ecosystem partners, because that's one critical element for our Cloud-WAN strategy. So thank you very much. We also realize there's a need for managed services. There's a telcos. We're partnering with BT and Lumen to offer managed network as a service, which they can manage SD-WAN, SASE, and other services that we bring that are hosted in Google Cloud. You have a choice with the GSIs, which are the global system integrators. We have strategic partnerships with Accenture, FCL, and Wipro. And over time, we'll continue to expand this managed services ecosystem to bring you your preferred choice of managed service provider to help you migrate into this new architecture. In summary, 40% application performance improvement, 40% lower TCO, with an open, best-of-breed ISC ecosystem that helps you transform your IT operations, and specifically on the networking and network services side. Please go to other sessions that we have on cross-cloud networking. I have a list here. There's one right after this, which is about the Google global backbone and the next generation that Vikash will be talking about that will give you more insights into our autonomous network fabric that we're building. Thank you for your time. Please fill up the feedback. We would love to hear from you on the session, as well as develop all the new applications and new use cases with CloudVan. Thanks for joining us on. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. OK. Thank you. Thank you.