 Hi, I'm Alain Talmor, CEO and founder of Ask.ai. Ask.ai is an enterprise AI platform that serves customer-facing teams in large organizations, and we find that the leap forward with Gemini and BigQuery are a huge advantage for us. For us, the biggest problem we solve for our customers is the fact that their knowledge is fragmented across multiple tools, and so bringing that all together and putting an AI layer on top, both to answer questions, but also to show them a 360 of what they care about, a 360 of the customer, is extremely important, and we find that only with Gemini 2.0 Pro we're able to do that with high accuracy. High accuracy and experience is extremely important for us. We have a team of professors and PhD. I, myself, am a PhD in AI, and we find that the reasoning abilities of Gemini 2.0 Pro is actually way better than what we found in other models, and we also found that the pricing and the scale that we can use it with our millions of queries is also a leap forward for us. BigQuery is also a good connector that we have, and we use it internally to build our own AI, but we see customers use it externally, and we connect to that, and they use it to storage the usage of their own customers, and we found that as a big advantage to have that kind of connector for it to be easy to use. And we find that in the future, the big context of Gemini 2.0 Pro that has a million tokens and actually is growing helps our customers look at millions of tickets and be able to say what are the repeating problems and issues, categorize them, and actually have kind of a chat on top of their own data. So that's another huge advantage with these larger models. So in summary, we're extremely excited to continue using and see how these models are moving forward, and to continue to build upon that the future of enterprise AI. быстро concrete histori. And again, a bit of a macroeconomic prize here as far through ouroweb market level, and I think, at the same time, we speed up hypertensive and influencing the smaller scale, which is very small, nobody. And ensure that in the future, we jump into this arm that is very small monthly, time, and hard time we give it to our носor Friedman.