 First of all, thank you all for navigating the 33,000 people to be here and join us on the opposite end of the convention center. We really appreciate it. I'm sure a lot of people are going to be kind of streaming in here as we get going. So we have an exciting panel here today. We want to talk to you a little bit about kind of some of the trends we're seeing and some of the best practices and maybe tips and tricks about how to think about cybersecurity, particularly if your team isn't large. I know like on stage, we talk about big companies like Commerce Bank or JP Morgan, but there's some uniqueness that we see with smaller companies or smaller teams. We really want to explore that theme today. So we have a great kind of cross-section from a panel standpoint. We have Dina Mathers, who's the CISO of Carvana. I'm sure if you're in the U.S., most of you have heard of them. We have Rocky Giglio, who leads the go-to-market for the cybersecurity for SADA, one of our partners here in the U.S. And then we have Dr. Andre Alfred, who's part of our very own Google security team. So why don't we take a seat and then we'll have each of you kind of just teach yourselves. So Dina, why don't we start with you? Hello, everyone. Good morning. I'm Dina Mathers. I'm the chief information security officer at Carvana. I hope most of you know what Carvana is. We have changed the way that our customers can buy used vehicles, purchasing the vehicle either through our mobile application or our website. And you can have it delivered to your home or pick it up one of our iconic vending machines. Before I pass it over to Rocky, just one thing I wanted to make a note of. If you're in the audience, you might be wondering, why is a security leader of a Fortune 500 company on this panel? So like one thing I just wanted to share is that Carvana has a lot of core values and one of them is around staying scrappy. And so our cybersecurity team is small, but we've been successful in our cybersecurity program by creating a security strategy that aligns to our business strategy that we'll get into on the panel. But I just wanted to kind of level set. Yeah, I love it. And I actually bought a car from Carvana and sold a car to Carvana. So Rocky Giglio, I am the global director of security for SADA and I'm working with Dina and the Carvana team on all things security and a whole host of other things with them. And so just excited to have you on the panel with us, Dina and Phil. Thanks for having me. All right. Dr. Andre. And thank you. I'm Andre. I run Mandiant Managed Defense, which is now as of today, Mandiant Threat Defense. What we do is, you know, help customers really augment their security operations with Mandiant's world-class threat hunters. And, you know, from the history of Mandiant and connecting the hyperscale of Google's AI systems and storage and cloud infrastructure, we're really bringing our talent to this big, massive scale for customers of all sizes. So I'm glad to be up here and with you all. Just to round out the introductions, I'm Phil Davis. I'm responsible for two parts of the portfolio. One is all of our software as a service solution. So cybersecurity, workspace, the Google Maps, Apigee, Looker, Google Code Assist, some of those types of products. But I'm also responsible for our small medium business customers globally. And that's why I think I got voluntold. I was going to help facilitate this panel. So a big part of my job, as you might imagine, is traveling around meeting customers. I spent probably about 40 weeks out of the year traveling. And it's interesting, maybe just to frame the discussion, there's several kind of key themes that are consistently coming out as I talk to customers about cybersecurity. I think number one is certainly the acceleration and proliferation of state-sponsored threats. That's been a problem for years, but it's certainly accelerating. And that's putting a lot of pressure on cyber teams. I think the second one is around AI. If you were in the general session, Sandra talked a little bit about some of the ways we're infusing AI into our SecOps platform. But unfortunately, the bad guys also are looking at AI. And what that means, what we're seeing is greater frequency of attacks. They can use AI to generate in local languages. So even if they don't speak English or they don't speak French, they can generate the attacks, and they look ever more realistic. So that's upping the threat associated with phishing, credential theft, things of that type of a nature. So the proliferation of AI, both as an offensive tool, but more so concern around an offensive tool for the bad guys. Theme number three that we'll explore here is just too many tools. We had a CISO conference in Sydney, Australia. A few months ago, we had 73 CISOs from around the region. And on average, the CISOs had 60 to 70 different tools they were using to manage their SecOps, which leads directly to the fourth thread. And this goes directly to your question or to your comments, Dina, just not enough resources to be able to get the job done. Too many logs, too many threats, too much data. How do I sift through that? How do I prioritize? How do I remediate the most important threat vectors as quickly as possible? So if that is kind of a backdrop, maybe we'll start with you, Dina. Share with the team, you already alluded to the small team, kind of a day in the life for you and how you do go through that prioritization I just alluded to. Okay. So as a CISO, I'm going to give you just an overview of how I spend approximately my time. So I'd say about 45% of my time is reacting to different inbound requests. There's obviously a lot of different business initiatives, especially around AI that require support and collaboration from our cybersecurity team. I spent another 20% of my time building relationships both within Carvana and with our partners like SADA, Google, and others. And then about 20% of my time is more on strategy. What is our roadmap? What are our key initiatives? What are our focus areas for this year and beyond? And then about 15% of my time, I spend giving back to the community, whether it's through mentorship, thought leadership, professional development, sitting on panels, sharing my knowledge with the industry. So that's at a macro level. And then I operate, and I know it sounds very cheesy, but I operate my cybersecurity program with the mantra that security is a team sport. So we're not successful without collaboration from all different stakeholders across our company. And so when you think about it, it really comes down to the core principles around people, process, and technology. And so from a people perspective, again, my team is very small. And it's very important when we're hiring for our cybersecurity team directly to find individuals who thrive in environments where they want to experience different challenges or broaden their experience. Although they might be hired, say, as a security operations center analyst, because our team is small, there's a lot of opportunity to kind of go above and beyond those job responsibilities and maybe help with vulnerability management or identity and access management. So what we found is during the interview process, it's really important to make sure that we have the person who wants to continuously learn and grow and develop. And then beyond that, so even though our cybersecurity team is small, we do have an extension of our cybersecurity team kind of beyond our core team that report up to me. So as an example, we bootstrapped a security champions program to find individuals that were interested in cybersecurity, but maybe didn't have the expertise. And we trained them up on the foundations and our technologies. And they kind of serve as our eyes and ears for our team. And they help us evangelize security throughout their teams. And then as another example, we do have flex services with SADA, and they are an extension of our team. So they have very deep technical expertise when it comes to Google Cloud Platform. So we can, I don't want to say leverage, maybe leverage or partner with our resources to, you know, accelerate remediation of vulnerabilities discovered in our Google Cloud Platform environment. So that's some of the things that we've done from a people perspective. From a process perspective, really our job as security professionals is to enable our business. And so we can't go to a technology conference nowadays, right, without talking about AI. So one thing that we've actually adopted for our security operations center is leveraging an AI security operations agent to triage our tier one security events using predefined playbooks. So what that means is that our hired security analysts can work on more meaningful security incidents, they can do threat hunting, they can do automation, and they can really help focus on, like, you know, if you manage a security operation center, a lot of what you see are policy violations, and it's no fun triaging those, like, hey, don't forward corporate emails to your personal Google account, please, you know, so you can have the AI assistant kind of be a force multiplier for your small team. And then lastly, like, when it comes down to technology, one of the principles, and, you know, Phil touched on this, we have a tendency as cybersecurity professionals or just technology enthusiasts to like want to invest in shiny objects. And so one of the things I challenge my team is to make sure that we're actually optimizing for our existing technology technology spend. And if we're going to evaluate new technologies, what technologies are we going to be able to replace instead, you know, to, so anyways, that's, those are like, kind of some core strategies. And I think, as a small cybersecurity team, it's really paramount, that when you're evaluating technologies, you're looking at the management and the overhead, there's a lot of legacy cybersecurity tools out there, I won't name them, but I'm sure you know, which ones I'm talking about, where you need an army of people to operationalize the tool. And like, unfortunately, we just don't have that luxury. So we've really leaned into cloud native technologies and platforms to consolidate, you know, with Google and others to really bolster our cybersecurity program. It's interesting on that last point. I mean, I've been in the industry about 30 years, and you see these kind of inflections every once in a while where the technology changes, and people reevaluate what they have, and then they decide on something. And then that takes them the next five, seven, maybe 10 years. And I think we're in that moment right now, in SecOps, honestly, partly because of these legacy platforms that people are retiring or looking to retire, partly because of tool consolidation, but definitely because of AI. Some of the people that led in the last generation of SecOps don't have the AI, the large language model and the capabilities. And I think you're going to see a disruption over the next two or three years. That's certainly what we're seeing right now. I guess maybe, Rocky, one of the things I was thrilled to have you on the panel is you get to see such a large swath of customers as well, given your business. How does this compare to kind of what you're seeing more broadly in your customer base? And are there any kind of similarities or maybe differences that you see? Yeah, I think overall, it's a pretty common story. I think every customer you talk to is, oh, yeah, we, you know, we're a small team. There's two guys that are doing security for us, especially smaller customers. Although, you know, I've been in some pretty big organizations and you go, you have how many people doing cyber for you, right? So I think that's a common theme for sure, which is why I think some of the new technologies, the AI capabilities that we're seeing, are seeing such rapid adoption. Although I think one of the biggest challenges there is what do we do with this, right? How good is that AI response? You know, is it real? So I'm excited to hear about what you guys are working on and your team, because that's probably the biggest challenge for us right now is the tools are coming along. They're all adding AI, specifically the SecOps platform. You know, we're brought in the intelligence from Mandiant. That gives us a ton of just additional intelligence that's like, hey, you're this is real. You should probably do something. And here's how you do something. So that's super valuable. But there's still a lot of mistrust around the this is how you do something. You know, I don't have a lot of customers that are yet leveraging all the features and turning those on and really engaging in the automatic responses. So I'm excited to see how that gets adopted, especially with the acquisition of Wiz. And you're bringing even more in now to the context of that response. And so now, but generally speaking, I'd say the need for AI is there, the teams are small, everybody's team is small. And even the biggest security teams are still looking at the massive amount of stuff they have to sort through every day, Phil. So that's probably the universal challenge. I hate the stat that says, you know, there's negative unemployment in cyber, but, but you see it, you know, you see that there's folks that are working in that industry who, you know, they went through some tech school or something, they came out, they don't really have the experience, SOC analyst, but then, you know, there's a lot more to security. It's one of probably one of the few areas in IT where you can't just say, well, yeah, I know how to run SecOps. Like, that's great. But you also need to understand the business. You need to understand all this other tech that's running. So yeah, there's a lot of challenges, but I do think it's a common theme that we just don't have enough people to respond. Yeah. I mean, if you think about AI, just more, more of the broad general use cases, you know, 23 was definitely the year of experimentation. We were literally doing tens of thousands of proof of concepts around Gemini and model. And very few of those were going into production. You know, you look here now at the end of 24 and into 25 and the things that we were talking about on stage, that's very much changed, right? People are actually bringing AI to life and all sorts of, you know, hundreds of thousands of different use cases. Cyber feels to me like where we were last year with AI, right? And the general purpose, but AI for cyber, I think still most customers are early in adopting it. They're early in figuring out how to use it. They're early in training the models. And so I think there's going to be a lot of change. Be interesting to see next year kind of where everybody is. I'm excited to see what like we can do with our own SOC service. Right. Just the number of engineers I don't have to hire by being more efficient with the AI that's built into these platforms that we use, you know? So yeah, I'm excited. And it's cross cloud. It's all the things, right? So it's really been exciting to see. Well, and I would mirror Dina's comments. I mean, what we're seeing now is the early adopters of AI are using it for threat prioritization and better focus of their resources on higher order tasks. So instead of just reviewing tens of thousands of logs, they're actually doing more strategic work or they're doing more policy work or more of those type of things. At least today, I think that's what we're seeing most of it. Probably a good segue to the platform then. We've been starting to kind of talk all around it. Maybe we'll get right into it. Andre, maybe you can share with us a little bit kind of how Google cloud threat and Google cloud security is thinking about the platform today and maybe even in the future. Yeah, absolutely. So I see we actually have some customers here of our service. Hello. But look with the history of Mandiant doing incident response for customers of all sizes for many years and the team that reports to me, you know, we have a huge role to play in this platform development of SecOps. A lot of our focus is to actually help customers answer what seem to be simple questions that turn into like huge projects like a blog came out today on something that's impacting my industry. Am I at risk for that? Like, you know, that can be a very long and taxing process. Whereas when we learn about it in the frontline, we call it frontline intelligence. We encode it right into the platform. As indicators and you can ask. Gemini in the platform, am I impacted by this? The GTI and ATI using acronyms, but our Google threat intelligence integration will answer that question for you. And for those of you who have our managed defense service, you can call someone and they can answer that question. So those simple questions, there's just a lot of simple questions. And that's where, you know, we've made our start. But getting into more complex, you know, responses. So how do I respond? So generate me a SOAR playbook, right? As a recommendation. As you you'll see us developing our SOAR platform and more orchestration code generation in our our Yara L to be able to close gaps that you may have in your detections, asking what what out of the box stuff would apply to this specific scenario. Those are becoming much easier to answer much more quickly in our platform just in a natural language prompt. Right. So that's where we're looking to play to really boost the the customers and partners that are trying to defend against this ever evolving threat landscape. Like, you know, every morning I wake up and I'm like, what's in the news today? Right. And are the hundreds of customers we have in our service and the thousands we have in SecOps, can they answer that question as quickly as we can? And that's really what drives us in our organization and how we look at the agentic future. And you saw Payal in the keynote today with our agent. Right. Asking those questions that, you know, will just autonomously answer for you. Like, hey, you are impacted by this thing. Right. Are you going to let here's what you should do about it so you can wake up to a solution instead of a bunch of questions. So that's, you know, so we're pushing into that very rapidly. And we have the assets around the world to know what's impacting your specific vertical, what's a novel threat. And we can solve it once and then proliferate that in the platform with with the ability to the next customer can ask that question right in the platform. Right. Right. May not prevent patient zero, but hopefully prevent patient 100 or 200. Yeah, absolutely. It's possible. Exactly right. I kind of want to go back to your comment, Dean, around around people. I mean, the demo that we showed was very simplistic, but it showed somebody unintentionally doing something that was going to create a risk. You know, as you would know, Andre, from the time of Mandate, like number one of the number one challenges continues to be social engineering, phishing, people just not intentionally but doing the wrong thing. I want to go back to you, Dean, and you talk about you mentioned people, but you talked a little bit more about your cybersecurity team. How do you bring the rest of Carvana on that journey so that they don't accidentally spin up the wrong VM or so that they don't accidentally give out all of their credentials and you got a different problem? Yeah. So I think the challenge is around end user education. And that's always been a bit of a challenge. Right. So it really kind of starts with the policies as your foundation, because if you don't have that, how are people supposed to know what is acceptable or not? But how many of us have so many policies and standards that are published on an Internet site that anybody actually looks at? So like one of the things that we did speaking about AI and the utilization within our cybersecurity team specifically is we created an AI agent internally that's fed our cybersecurity policies and standards. And we made it available within a competitive collaboration tool that we use. So I won't name them. But you can ask the question about what is Carvana's password policy? What is our policy around the use of third party vendors? What is our service level agreement for critical vulnerabilities? Things like that. And it's obviously the model learns our policies and standards. And every time we go through a refresh, we update the model. And so that's really been a game changer. Like it might sound simple, but who wants to read a 16 page information security policy when you can just prompt, you know, just ask a simple question. And like and so it's really helped us to from a compliance perspective. I don't know how many of you have to deal with regulators or third party audits, like specifically financial services. Well, they'll send you an Excel. Well, sorry, or Google sheet with a thousand questions. Right. About your cybersecurity program. And every bank ask it slightly differently. And so we have one compliance analyst who's not part of our technology team. So historically, which is fine, she would reach out to myself, my compliance manager and other stakeholders across the business. And it would take about 40 hours to respond to these questions. Now she has an AI agent where she could just ask, what is Carvana or Adessa? Adessa was an acquisition of ours. What is her policy around X, Y, Z? And I gave some examples and it's really streamlined the process. So instead of spending 40 hours, she's spending like less than an hour responding to this. And we're we're able to have more consistent responses. And it's really helped build trust with our partners. So anyway, I think that's just another use case. Again, we're kind of not at the point yet to Rocky's point where we're trusting it yet to do remediation. It's more for visibility. But I think we'll get there very quickly. Rocky, I mean, having managed security services capabilities, you work a lot with the security teams. But once again, they're usually not the ones creating the vulnerabilities. It's usually somewhere else. Any other kind of tips or tricks or things you see customers that are doing to bring the broader organization along on that journey? Yeah, I mean, that I think continues to be a challenge in our organization. You know, we've got I think every day I get an email about some compliance thing that I need to go now test on again. And, you know. Yeah. What are they called Mandiant? Yeah. To do red teaming. And I get I get like one a week. One of your one of your team members failed the red team. Right. We get it, too. And so, you know, one of the fun things we've done this year is introduce just, you know, you got the training on the phishing and all this stuff. We actually do phishing emails in the company. And so you'll get the, you know, the phishing, fake phishing thing. And then if you click on it, you got to do remediation training, which it got me this year. I was super embarrassed because I clicked the link and I was like, oh, man, I got to go do this silly training now. And the training tells you all the things you already knew. But I think it highlights just this problem that we have, which is, you know, the attackers using AI, our ability to respond to these things just isn't fast enough. And so some of what we're doing there across our customer base is just using it. You know, you mentioned bringing intelligence like the code and all these other things. That's super helpful. One of the things we did a couple of weeks ago is Ingress Nightmare came out. And when that came out, we used AI to help us generate all of the responses, to do the analysis, figure out what it was, what reality was, write up our response. And it took longer to get it through marketing and out onto the blog than it took for us to like actually do the analysis. You know, my brother's team did all the analysis and came back and said, here is what this really looks like. Here are the steps you need to do to fix this. And it was a whole combination of, you know, really smart people using AI to make them more effective at their jobs. And so that was super impressive. That was something I heard from Kevin Mandia a couple of years ago is, you know, we're beginning to see our top analysts using these technologies to make themselves better. And so all of those things kind of combined to help solve that challenge. I don't know that there's a solution yet, but those things are really starting to be effective in our customer base. You made a comment there, Rocky, that I thought was interesting. We're not quite there yet. Maybe, Andre, over to you then a little bit. Think out a year. You know, think back to where we were a year ago. Amazing where we are today. If you think about a year from now and how we're thinking about, you know, Google Threat Intel, how we're thinking about tighter integration across the entire suite, virus total, et cetera. Where do you think we are? What does good look like a year from now? And what's different? What should people be driving towards? Well, look, we have, you know, right now at the moment, we definitely believe in this sort of human in the loop. So we provide a suggestion. And our thought is, is if you trust the suggestions enough, you'll just like ask it to stop making it a suggestion. Right. So we think that, you know, for a number of like, you know, quarantining a host that's infected by malware, there's a lot of, I think, straightforward situations where you're like, remediate now and it's fine. Right. The risk is worth it. But, you know, as we roll out more advanced features, more, you know, we call composite detection material where you can have a bunch of ands or statements piping into, you know, just having these queries that can build your confidence into what you're detecting is worth it. You know, we'll have agents to like basically write those for you. But we feel like at the end of the day, the security pro is going to activate a remediation and we'll just make sure that our recommendations are good enough. And then I would imagine a year from now, a good a good percentage of what we would find would be automatically remediated, but managed by customers as well. I would also say that, you know, Dina, I liked your self-servant compliance. Like that's a that's a big time saver. It's awesome scenario. I don't know what that was. But I would also add that, you know, when we're, you know, when we're looking across all of these various customers and how we augment and add to their security operations. You know, one of the things that you'll you'll hear more about is the Chrome Enterprise protection. Right. Right. So we found a lot of customers who've enabled this can actually. It's very good at understanding when your employee is pasting credentials into a phishing domain that looks like their own. Right. So, you know, having that sort of extra layer of protection right in the browser, which is a huge attack, which is a huge attack vector, particularly in spear phishing and other things that you can add some. I guess more pointy like you like this is bad. Like you will not be able to do this. And we're having some success with that now for our customers in those specific scenarios where you can define your domains and you can have a lot more control over what's going on. Because the thing is, you know, the browser is the interface to everything now. And we. We. There's still a lot. A lot of the success in cybercrime is through that vector. But we have great solutions for that right now. It's interesting on that. I mean, just back to best practices, right? Having unique passwords and changing them frequently. I wasn't always the best at that. I would use the same password across some things. And I was relatively new. Back to your story, Rocky, of remedial school. I was new at Google. And we're not allowed to use our password in any other site. But I clicked on one of ours that took me to an outside site. And I thought it was a Google internal. And I entered the password. And then it automatically made me change my password for all the Google assets. And because of the intelligence in the browser and knowing that. But once again, just an obvious vulnerability of people using their corporate password across 15 other consumer sites could be a little bit of a problem. So with that, Dina, Rocky, Dr. Andre, thank you very much. How about a big round of applause for our panel? Thank you all. Thank you. And thank you all. Please enjoy the rest of the show. Thank you.