 Rania Deh Hi, my name is Rania Deh. Today's session is about driving platform engineering and software delivery using Gemini Cloud Assist and Code Assist. We're very excited to share how Gemini Cloud Assist and Code Assist can help you build highly reliable and scalable application on GCP while improving the efficiency, speed, and consistency of your software development lifecycle. At the heart of our vision, we have Gemini. Gemini has been used in order to build many of the features and capabilities under Code Assist and Cloud Assist. We have relied on Gemini knowledge when it comes to Stack Overflow, Gemini knowledge about GCP products. We augmented it with our knowledge about your context, about your application topology in order to support you when you are coding, when you're designing your application, and as well when you're trying to troubleshoot and manage your application in production. That's why our solution or what we presented today in our session really demonstrates how Cloud Assist and Code Assist can work hand in hand in order to streamline the software development lifecycle. Hello. Thank you very much, everyone, and we students to bring you through how we Pakistan and I am also in dealing with websites based DWSPisce Open Ad página, and we have announced benefits by Amazon. That is purposeful. So that you may have heard along our leadership跟你 IQ audience, but partly in the state oflol that is in the course of a lot of our efforts to support theáo gamble and turbulence based on how eles boil USAs. And we also demoed how CodeAssist has integrated with a number of tools. So far we have, I think, around 11 tools and how these integration can make it a lot easier for you to build code, integrate with Jira or integrate with MongoDB while staying within the context of your project and your IDE as well. We had a very detailed demo about how you design your application using ADC, leveraging industry best practices, and also ensuring that you're designing application that are secure by default. We also have a detailed demo that actually showed the capabilities of our AI-powered troubleshooting agent. This agent really, again, understand your application topology, collect all the information from your logs, from your metrics, configuration changes, even looks at actually event that happened recently, whether you deployed a new application or even if Google itself had deployed any changes to the environment, and will actually analyze all this data, provide you with the right hypothesis and remediation actions to take. Across all these agents and features I just described, we also launched this week Cloud Hub, which is a single pane of class that allows you to manage your applications on GCP. We collect information from all the product and services you use, and we just don't dump this information, but we actually are very opinionated about what we surface to you because we want to share what matters the most. We provide, again, contextual and actionable insight to improve the efficiency of your application management. We believe that across all these capabilities, we are on the right track to help streamline the process, improve your velocity, and the productivity of your team to help you build really high quality application on GCP. Thank you.