 Music Music Music Music Music Alright, good morning everybody Thank you very much for coming to our session This is the session on enhancing the citizen experience You know, welcome to Thursday at Next, I'm sure it's been a busy couple days already for everybody and thank you very much for participating in this session, it's going to be a great one First, I want to introduce myself, so I'm Chris Niehaus, I lead strategic growth and business development for our federal business and federal civilian in particular and this is the second year I've come up and been able to moderate a session with some of our great customers and so I'm very much looking forward to this one because the times have really changed, I'd certainly say we are sort of facing a different sort of vibe this year than we were last year in the public sector space You know, I think first and foremost I want to highlight that for us this is really a time of I think disruption and uncertainty in particular in the federal space and the state and local space There's so much change going on, there's so many new pressures that are on us on our customers but what we're also finding at the same time is that new innovations, or not new innovations, but innovations around AI are actually creating what we'd say is this opportunity or what we say is a new era of innovation which unleashes a set of opportunities for us to actually drive new economic growth, new productivity, new scenarios, better security and other pieces and what we're going to see from our panelists today are fantastic examples of leaders that have been actually on the cutting edge of AI, been on the cutting edge of modern infrastructure that have really been leading the charge to demonstrate how when these technologies are brought to bear, when these innovations and this embrace of a new era of innovation that you can actually start to see improvements in all of our public services from the way that the mail is delivered and tracked to the way that benefits are distributed to the way that claims are adjudicated and it's I think to some degree I like how it's a little bit of a reality pill. I think we see sometimes a lot of hype, sometimes we hear a lot of fear and uncertainty but most important at the end of the day it's great to hear from the actual leaders that are actually leading the charge around deploying new technologies like AI to find out what this feels like and the lessons that can be learned from it. You know I think from Google we have a unique perspective on enabling this as well and I like to frame it as velocity of innovation without compromise and I think the biggest differentiator for us here is that we believe first and foremost in the public sector space that public sector customers should have equal access to innovative technologies at the same rate that commercial customers do. And so what this means is like we have taken an approach different than say gov clouds. Okay, we long ago made a determination that we were going to build our cloud infrastructure at the highest level of security so that we can actually build and secure FedRAMP and all of the different compliance requirements across our commercial cloud. And this is actually a very powerful and unique position because it allows us to deploy very large, let's say capex intensive technologies like AI. We can then deploy them and give them access to our government customers immediately. And in a time now where there's pressure to deploy, to drive, to innovate, to drive greater productivity, it's this approach that's really starting to pay off. Additionally, so we look at this as sort of a tempo. Can we keep up with the tempo that our customers are asking us to drive at? And the answer is resoundingly, or in most cases, yes. And it's been very good. And at the end of the day, what we get is, you know, a more secure, a much more innovative platform that our government customers are able to leverage. You know, one of the pieces that is really at the heart of this, and you know, Sundar talked about this in the keynote, and Thomas went into it as well, is again, our global, like we have a privately owned network, we're offering that global network up to enterprise customers and to government customers today. And why that's important is because we've taken this strategic, what we call a strategic advantage, where we're offering a uniquely full stack view on the way that we develop, embrace, and deploy AI. So it's the level of innovation that we're developing and deploying from the silicon and the data centers, to the research and the models, to the actual tools that then developers and the actual applications and the products, all of those are built and managed in one single stack. And that ends up providing, again, feeding that tempo of innovation that you can deliver to citizens, but then also it delivers greater security, greater assurance to customers that they have the tools that they need, they have that containment or that full, you know, the full tool set around the models. It also delivers greater openness. So the ability to provide that full stack can bring in open source models and deploy and do AI in that way as well. And so it's within this approach that, you know, what we've seen is now we can start to sort of give you some examples. And at this point in time, what I'd like to do is segue to bringing our panelists on to really talk through the examples that they've done and the leadership they've provided so you can really see this in action. So I'd love now for Scott, Preetha, and Amy to come on up and join me on stage and we'll dive in. I'll get out of the way because they're really the ones that you came to hear from. But come on, come on up. Absolutely. All right. Well, thank you. You know, all of you, thank you for the time. I know travel in this time is not for government customers in particular is not necessarily the easiest thing to do. So I want to first acknowledge each of you and thank you each for traveling. There's that that represents a commitment, I think, to the work that you've done and the and really the commitment to wanting to share that, I think, and share those leadership lessons with others. So number one, thank you for that. The first thing I'd like each of you to do if you can go down the line is really introduce yourself. What's your role and really what's the mission and scale of the mission that you have? I'll start with you, Amy. Absolutely. Well, thank you so much for having me here today. I'm Amy Pahacek. I am the secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Workforce Development. So each state has a different structure under their Department of Labor. And in Wisconsin, our workforce development department is quite expansive. We are one of the largest cabinet agencies in the executive branch. So my boss is the great governor, Tony Evers. And our mission is to serve all 5.8 million residents in America's heartland, Wisconsin, by really providing programs and services that uplift our future workforce, our current employees, our businesses, our entrepreneurs, and our educational partners. And we do that through through about 1,700 employees located all around the state. A 1.2 billion dollar annual budget right now. And we have programs that are focused on career counseling, employment services, working for talent attraction for our businesses. We work with folks with disabilities. We enforce all of the equal rights and civil rights provisions and statutes in the state of Wisconsin. And we also enforce workers compensation. And lastly, our largest division is unemployment insurance where we administer that insurance benefit to the great people in Wisconsin. And I think it would be fair to say that Wisconsin, you're used to operating under a little bit of national scrutiny as well. You've been in the news recently. Is that familiar? We are the center of the universe, Chris, just so you're aware. But yes, we like it that way. We like to be the center of attention at all times. Fantastic. Thank you. And Preetha? I think I might beg to defer that we are the center of the . Sorry. Hi, I'm Preetha Mera. I'm the CIO for the Postal Service. And I know you all know what the Postal Service is, but let me throw out some stats that might baffle you and put her to shame. So we deliver like, what, 129 billion mail pieces and packages yearly to about 167 million addresses. We are an independent agency, which means that we don't get appropriations. So our revenue has to cover our costs. We have, you know, over 50,000 daily logistics trips, transporting mail and packages between our facilities and over 240,000, you know, delivery vehicles, delivering mail all over the country to your addresses. We are a very large shop. We have over 34,000 post offices, which is larger than Starbucks and McDonald's and all of that. We have, starting about three years ago, we underwent a very big Delivering for America strategic plan, which was essentially modernizing our entire postal service from our logistics platforms to our products to our organizational strategies and all of that. So we at the CIO was at the heart of this modernization. So really, we've done an unprecedented transformation in our organization, which has actually been very fun for someone like me to be a CIO because we had a lot of work to do and we were enormously busy. So yeah, and we've got our very driven strategies on modernizing all our mission critical platforms first, those platforms that support mail delivery and packages. But we are an organization with over 900 legacy applications. So there's always, there's never a dull moment in our lives. Yeah. So you brought the stats to back it up. Very nice. I did. Yeah, absolutely. I've got them all written down here. I can't remember them all. Fantastic. And then Scott. Thank you. My name is Scott Melvin. I'm the executive deputy commissioner of the New York State Department of Labor. Not to be competitive in any way, shape or form, because I'm not that person. New York speaks for itself. My agency is about 3,400 employees. I control a $7.3 billion budget. We have 90 offices around the state and we do similar to Wisconsin. Our three main focuses of business are unemployment insurance division, our workforce development area, and then we also enforce hundreds of New York State labor laws and some federal labor laws. Mm-hmm. The department really post pandemic has been in a transitionary mode. Post pandemic, I've been the executive deputy commissioner for about four and a half years. The only thing that I've focused on is technology and innovation in my four and a half years. And we are really, I think, at the cutting edge in New York State of innovation of getting rid of paper. It's my mantra every day of just disposing of paper. And then along with that is just bringing along our workforce and training them in new and exciting things for them to do. And can I ask, are you Yankees or Mets? Neither. Fair enough. Red Sox. I'm going to go to the house. Oh, fantastic. Well, good for you for going there. Yeah. I couldn't help myself. So, Scott, I'm going to stick with you. You know, let's just jump right in on, if you can describe just quickly the biggest challenge that you're solving for, and how you've looked to technology to help. Yeah. Paper. Right? It really is. I'm not going to do any transformation in my agency with additional staff. I'm not going to do any transformation in my agency with additional training. The only way I'm going to do innovation to serve New Yorkers is by bringing in technology. And it's the only thing that's exponentially made change in the department. And in the pandemic, it really drove it. We may have wanted to do technology and innovation pre-pandemic, but there's infrastructure. Infrastructure is not sexy in any way, shape, or form. But the pandemic allowed us to, a very horrible lesson, but allowed us to learn that that was the thing that we had to do. And I would say the biggest thing that I face every day is just getting rid of paper. Paper. Yeah. Okay. Prita, for you? My biggest challenge? Yeah. And how you're looking to technology. Well, we have 900 legacy applications. So when you want to modernize, you're not about to go through those 900 and unravel them. So really, we've been ruthlessly prioritizing based on the mission strategic direction as to what we want to do first. Yeah. And then two other challenges is skills. You know, really, when you have legacy applications, you have a legacy development shop, right? So how do you elevate that to the modern technologies? And third is adoption. Because in the postal service, no matter what the process is, there is the way that we always do it. And we've sort of moved from a development in-house to a SaaS, kind of a, if somebody else has a better product out there, why build it in-house? Which means you have to change the way you leverage the processes within. And that, I would say adoption is the single largest challenge. Adoption. And when you speak about adoption, internal adoption. Internal adoption. Well, it's also our customer base as well. Yeah. Because we were asking them to change in a very big way. Right. Yeah. Because it's those citizens and, I mean, the title of the citizen experience, right? Yeah. At the end of the day. Okay. So, Amy, I'd like, we talked about this before, and the biggest challenge is for you, it's a great story. Right? And so I'd love for you to just to dive in and walk us through, like, what was that biggest challenge? How did you use technology to address it? It seems to have cut on some of the themes that we just heard from Scott and Pretha. Yeah, absolutely. So, to talk about some of the biggest challenges that we have faced in the state of Wisconsin and how technology has helped overcome those challenges, I need everybody to go back with me in the way back in time machine, four and a half years ago, to October of 2020. So we're all in the throes of the pandemic. We're about six months in. And I get a call from my boss, the governor, and he asked me if I could, at that time I was at the Department of Corrections in the state of Wisconsin, trying to keep COVID-19 out of our 37 prisons to protect the lives of those folks in our care and custody and our employees there. And he says, hey, I've got another challenge for you. Can you come over to the Department of Workforce Development? We're having an issue with the unemployment claims. So, if everybody recalls, the world shut down. And in Wisconsin, like every other state in the country, there was a significant increase in claims. And, in fact, the number that we had overnight, an increase in unemployment claims of 225,000%. And this is where we joke, like percentages don't even make sense anymore at that level. Like it's just a big amount of claims. And the agency at that time was having a very hard time getting through the claims. And now you're six months into the pandemic, and this is unemployment. This is a system that people had been paying into to get access to a benefit that they were owed and deserved. And they just needed this money to put food on the table, to put gas in their car, just to keep kind of going at life. And so this was a huge public policy crisis to be six months behind. So I came over to the department. I found that not only are we six months behind, but that meant we were 770,000 claims in a backlog. So I did a quick assessment of the technology that the agency was using to administer these benefits, which would later be $7 billion worth of benefits throughout the course of the pandemic. And I was shocked to find that the system was a 1970s, older than me, 7-0, Nixon-era mainframe cobalt system. And I'm talking like the black screen with the green, chunky, blocky, blanky cursor where you press like the F5 keys. And at that time, there were two ways for the citizens of Wisconsin to get their verification documents to the agency. Most unemployment systems require you to provide some documentation to prove you're eligible. And those two ways were mailing with a stamp using the USPS. It's the only way. Yeah. Or they could fax them in. Fax it. Fax. This is four and a half years ago. And if you had a question, if you were somebody in this unprecedented time of the pandemic that found yourself unemployed due to no fault of your own, and you've never filed unemployment, you weren't sure what to do, and you had a question, the only way to get your question answered was not through email or text. It was to call a landline phone, which was our call center. At 1.1% of the calls were getting through. I mean, it was a disaster. And so the prior secretary had tried to staff up. He had tripled the staff of people going through these claims. But honestly, we'd still be going through the claims today had we followed that path. And so it was very clear to me that we needed a technology solution. So I called Joel Pingel, who's right here in the front row. I call him the mayor of Google because if you try to walk with this guy for five minutes, everybody knows him. Raise your hand, Joel. Yep, Joel. There we go. And I said, hey, Joel, we've got an issue. And is there a technology solution? Can Google build us an artificially intelligent claims adjudicator to go through these 770,000 claims in the backlog and tell us what to pay and what not to pay? And again, I need you to go back with me. This is four and a half years ago. This is before Gemini did really nice summaries of every Google search. This is before AI was omnipresent, chat GPT is before all of it. So it was really, this was especially cutting edge four and a half years ago. And Joel was like, yeah, we can totally do that. I'm like, all right, good. Let's do it. And honestly, they built, Google built the model, I would say probably quicker than, it probably took us longer to get into a contract than it did to build the model. And the adjudicator, we had to name her Judy. I named her Judy because everyone was afraid of her. We're like, you know, what is these robot overlords coming to take over? And I'm like, no, no, no, this is just Judy, the adjudicator. She's here to help. And Judy taught herself the rules of the eligibility system in Wisconsin for the program by ingesting 4 million previously fully adjudicated claims. And she was very smart. And we had a couple check ins. And at one point I was told Judy was teaching herself to read and she was reading the claim notes. I'm like, all right, this is going a little too far even for me. But it got to the end where we had to make a decision and we took a leap of faith. And we, you know, Judy went virtually overnight through the claims and said, this is what I think you should pay. This is what I think is not eligible. I talked to the governor. I said, are we going to hit the big red pay button? And he's like, we're going to do it. And we did it. And Judy also did a fraud screen. I'll talk about that in a second. But then anything Judy said not to pay, we gave that to our humans so that we didn't deny anybody due process. This was all about serving the people. This was really about getting the benefits to the people. And we've been audited many times. I work for a governor of one party with a legislature controlled by another party. And they certainly, this win, this big win that we had, everybody was, some people were looking to find some holes in it. We've been audited many times. Judy has passed every audit with flying colors. She did not make any mistakes. My human error rate is about 10%, by the way. So this was amazing. And we were thrilled. And so that started our four and a half year process now to modernization. So the three biggest issues that are demonstrated through that story. One is that we never would have been able to do that project in the environment of federal regulation had the pandemic and the crisis not occurred. Because at that point, all regulation, all sort of bureaucratic steps had been paused. And the federal government said, do whatever you need to do states to get that benefit out, which really created an environment for innovation. So in a normal environment with bureaucracy and regulation, which by the way, I'm a big fan of both. They have a very important part in our government, including protecting democracy. But when you take a rigid government system and something like a very fluid and fast-paced technology system, they don't really mesh very well. So that is sort of the one problem. The other problem is that it's a challenge that we need to overcome in government, is that the technology moves very quickly. And so it has to be a paradigm shift in how we look at modernization. It cannot be a once in a generation or in Wisconsin's case, multi-generations, 1970, modernization effort then where we spike the football in the end zone. And we're like, we did it, we're modern. Because by the time, you know, you're way not modern. And so it has to be an iterative process, which we have tried to fully embrace in Wisconsin. And the other part of that is the funding. Because you can't have a continued investment in these structures without continual investment in funding, which is hard to do if in a political environment. And I'll just give one last quick example. Before I worked in the state of Wisconsin, I worked for the county of Milwaukee, Milwaukee County, Bruce City. And there, there's a lot of technical structural deficit as well. And it was very difficult working in administration there to get the county board who were up for reelection every two years to want to invest in something like an HR tracking application system or other technical infrastructure, you know, finance system. Because they need to constantly run on a new shiny thing to get reelected. And so in Milwaukee County, the big thing are the beer gardens. So you might be surprised to hear that Milwaukee County at the local government level actually is like one of the biggest distributors of liquor throughout the county. But it is Bruce City. And so every time I would meet with the county supervisors, and this was years ago, nobody who's there currently, they would say, well, we want a new beer garden. And I'm like, at some point, we get, we have enough beer gardens. And we need to start investing in this structural deficit in these long term technology issues, which is hard to do in a political environment. Yeah. Excellent. That's a fantastic story. It seemed like there was also, I think, Scott, you're going to hit on this a little bit later, but this, there's also some themes in there about how to communicate change to individuals like AI sometimes has like this, this connotation, a fear factor to some degree. It also sounded like one of the themes that you came across was, hey, giving superpowers to people, right? Like, you know, letting AI do the toil, and then really asking the humans to do the higher level work, as opposed to sifting through and sitting in front of a mainframe. So those, those seem like really powerful lessons learned. So thank you. Thank you. Preeta, I would love for you to talk about really the, you know, the significant transformation that you've driven at the Postal Service, because it's enabled some AI, but you really inherited, as you decide, as you described, a significant legacy of infrastructure. And you had to make some pretty big decisions on what would be the strategy for really moving that forward to enable transformation to really enable modern services. Can you talk to us about that? Sure. I can, I can give you one example that we are very proud of. And that is we, we in the Postal Service are almost an $80 billion enterprise, but 90% of our revenues come from businesses. These are small, medium and large shippers and mailers that interact with us. And we had a very siloed experience for this community. And this community is very varied, you know, it's an end merchant or a marketplace or an e-commerce platform. And we, we had a very friction full experience for them. And so we, three years ago in 2023, we studied the journey of our, our shippers and we put together a sort of a very cohesive approach for that interaction. So for the small businesses, you want something really easy online, they can create labels and they can ship with us. But then once you start stepping into the medium and the large businesses, APIs was the story. So we worked with Google, we purchased the Apigee platform. We first purchased the one on edge, which is, which was on-prem and we started creating endpoints. And very quickly we realized that we were going to run out of capacity. And so we migrated to the hybrid Apigee platform, which has sort of two planes. It has a management plane and a runtime plane. So on the management plane, you define your endpoints, you define your authorizations, you define your tokens. And then, then we essentially run it in runtime across several providers, including Google. And so, and then what we, and we've been able, we've been thoroughly successful in that platform. We've put out about 17 APIs with about 73 endpoints. And previously they had to interact with 45 different systems to get answers. What's the price? How do you create a label? How do I pick up the request to package pickup? In this, you sort of build this beautiful playground in front of your legacy systems where they can play. There's a developer portal. So now gone is the world of sharing specs. They just jump into our developer portal, our customers, and they have at it. And every time we've got a new complicated merchant, we can throw in an endpoint in two weeks, the development time. So it's very agile. And it also changed the mindset of our technology group because previously you'd get requirements, you know, and then you'd take six months to developer. And now it's like you're iterating in two weeks cycles and sprints to get really a very, so we have, I think we can do over a billion transactions in each runtime. And we've got runtimes on every one of the big platforms. And latency was really critical. So what we quickly learned was that you have your front end endpoint, but then it's transacting with your back end systems and it's slowing things down. So we then bought those core back end services into the cloud to be resident with the runtimes. And then we have latencies that I think we're beating almost every player in the market now on our latencies. And that's been a huge success story for us. I think one of the pieces that I take away from that is we certainly hear from a lot of customers that are faced with similar dilemmas, right, of this legacy infrastructure. And sometimes the challenges or the decision point is, well, I'll just modernize it. I'll replatform it. I'll take a new data strategy or whatnot, which is a massive undertaking on its own. And that's just to get to the start line. And with the scale that you have at the Postal Service and the incredible legacy that you have at the Postal Service, it sounds like this approach was very different and really more modern or unique to say, I'm okay with what I've got. Let's not worry about that. Let's worry about the actual service I'm trying to deliver. Can I do that in a more modern way? Is that an accurate portrayal? Yeah, that's absolutely accurate. And we've been doing that with almost every platform that we're modernizing. Because, you know, we're using Google to replace our entire visibility system. And that's like every package that runs on our network and gets on an average of three scans. And we have to take that data and that feeds everything. It feeds workforce. It feeds productivity. It feeds expected volumes into the plant and all of that. And do we go around modernizing everything? No. We basically took the core function of visibility and said, let's start there. And, you know, we've put those, you know, containerization and Kafka to residence trains in our organization. And that's how we've been allowed to sort of modernize without thinking about modernizing every legacy application we have. We couldn't afford it. We couldn't do it. We wouldn't be delivering in the times we do. But I'm also hearing a common theme from you and Amy as well, which is, it's the importance of the data. Like the AI and the end services of AI is great. is great, but if the data, the strategy for the data is not right, like the ingestion, all of the ingestion that you did, the focus on AI to actually ingest the data correctly, then move into the adjudication. For you, it's making sure that there's the data, that there's the strategy across the legacy systems to have a rationalized data strategy, that if those things aren't in place, a chat bot or another application, even an adjudication, that those AIs are going to be ultimately limited deployments and limited upside without having that homework done. Is that fair? Absolutely. Great. Scott, I'd love to turn to you now and understand from your perspective with the Excluded Workers Fund, how the journey that you've gone down, if you can share us more on that. Yeah, certainly. I just want to go back to something that the secretary said. I, too, have a 1970s cobalt mainframe system built by the same company that built yours. And during the pandemic, you know, it was built to ingest claims for a couple of thousand people. We paid out about $105 billion in benefits to a little over 5.2 million people. And it was not built for that, right? And the millions of phone calls every day, right? I'm glad that you got to 1% of your calls. I didn't quite make it to 1% of our calls. But just a plug for Google of we weren't ready yet for AI, unfortunately. And we brought Google in to at least address our front door, Greg Cato, who's sitting here somewhere. Wake up, Greg, if you're here. To kind of deal with our front door issue and kind of build the back end of some of our legacy system. We were about a year into our monetization project when the pandemic hit. So there was kind of that. An interesting thing happened during the pandemic. There was a group of people that were left out of benefits in the unemployment insurance system because of eligibility requirements and different state and federal regulations. Through the entire three years, two and a half, three years of those five and a half million people that came into our system, our state legislature, same party as the governor at that time, burned us in effigy, right? That we were not answering our phone calls, that we were not getting benefits to people, that the world had come to an end. And we were, you know, willfully not doing this, right? And it wasn't that I didn't want to provide benefits. It wasn't that I didn't want to get money out the door. I just didn't have enough bandwidth. I could have had 20,000 staff, and I still wouldn't have been able to do that. So the subset of people who got left out of the unemployment insurance benefit program, our state legislature, even though I got ridiculed and burned in effigy, decided to stand up a $2.1 billion fund for a set of workers who were not eligible for benefits. And with the help of Google, every lesson that we learned, and every hard knock that we took during the pandemic and providing benefits, we turned into building the excluded worker fund. And it was something that we did with Google over the course of 12 weeks, to stand up a benefits program with very, very nimble staff. And the system had to do a couple of things. The system had to answer phone calls and give out information to everyone, every call, had to ingest a certain set of documents and recognize those documents and determine eligibility, and then provide money out the back end. And then when people call, just answer questions that they had. And again, because of all the horrible things that we learned, learned during the pandemic, we turned that into our program. And really, in the course of 12 weeks, spent a very small sum of money to stand the program up to be able to get this $2.1 billion out the door. And over the course of was maybe 12 weeks after that, that we exhausted the $2.1 billion in funds. And it was literally because of we had complete autonomy over building a benefit system and setting something up with new technology, with innovation and everything that we had learned during that point. And I also wanted to set up something that was a foundational system that we could then rinse and repeat. And we've used the back end technology of that for other benefit programs that we've done, and for some other things that I've done at the agency, because it was just a great, you know, back end system to be able to use. And can you share a little bit about the mobile first experience, the fact that there's language translation, that you're meeting citizens where they are? Yeah, so an interesting thing, our, as I mentioned, our infrastructure was very out of date. And during the pandemic, we wanted to set up two factor authentication for getting benefits because of fraud. It took us about eight to 10 months to set that up because our foundational systems in the UI system were so out of date that we couldn't do that outrageous and fraud rampant. And it was terrible. It was very important in the new system that we set up that you could do a number of different things. We also, our UI system wasn't mobile friendly, right? Wasn't, didn't have the ability to easily interact with customers on a mobile application. And really, all of that, all of those lessons and all of that stuff was just built out of the box into the Google application for the excluded workers fund. Fantastic. Yeah. So I'm going to go into a little rapid fire for each of you. You know, one of the things that I've experienced is, you know, for folks that are sitting in the audience, if you were them a couple years ago, listening to leaders that have had that experience around AI, around infrastructure, this one and whatnot, we had talked kind of in the pre brief about, you know, where are we at in the stage of AI? Are we still evaluating it? Are we still piloting it? And the three of you were like, stop, stop. That's not where we are. The train has left the station. Our foot is on the gas. We are done with that. And so what I love is, if you can provide a little insight and Preet, I'll start with you on where are you looking next for the opportunities with AI, but also from the perspective of from your lessons learned. So like if you were in the audience, how you know, like that those types of opportunities, where do you see those golden nuggets now? So I sort of look at AI on two planes, especially now as all the tools and products that are available. One is where it's almost an everyday AI where you're looking at large language modules and you're sort of integrating that with almost everything you do. You know, if you're in HR, you're helping it write your job descriptions. We are using it for our engineering folks to start ingesting all their training manuals so they can run off of bots now that get answer to their question. We're using it for our help desk and, you know, the natural language processing aspect of it for answering critical questions for our customers. So and then in a big way in our IT shop, we're using it for code understanding, legacy code understanding, code development, and most excitedly for me is code testing. So these are sort of the no brainers that I almost require it to be done every day. We should have some application that we can be a whole lot more efficient at. But then I think where the game changing happens is when you get into the game changing AI. It's like autonomous vehicles, you know, you're using it and you're completely changing it or your for your life sciences where you're coming up with where you're shortening your product life cycles or where you're whether you're diagnosing diseases. And in our case, it's the mission of the postal service. So where we bring AI and truly optimize our routes, you know, to to look at optimizing the supply chain. I think those are areas where you're looking at predictive maintenance, you're looking at how you can really please your customer with the right price dynamic pricing models. The opportunities are just endless. What's really critical is skilling your teams to be able to identify those opportunities. And you know, how do you energize your team to really to bring that thinking into the organization. And contrary to what most people think, I had this epiphany actually, it was yesterday, while we were dealing with a particular AI problem, which was ingesting all of our engineering manuals. And it is it's not as easy as it seems, oh, stick it in the LLM, and it'll give you the answer. No, it doesn't. There are images, there are this, there are that, and you have to bring in agentic AI, right. And then I said, Oh, my God, that's what our team is going to do now. My programmers are the best ones, because they're very technical, they're very logically, logical mind thinkers. So those are the guys that are going to bring that revolution into us. Because it's not just an LLM, it's how you build that bot, and you bring in all the aspects of machine learning, graphical tooling, neural networks, the right models, along with the LLMs, you know, and, and along with the agentic AI, and then build your solution that I think there's a lot of power in that. Fantastic. You've given this some thought. Yeah, no doubt about it. Yeah. So, I'm Amy, we've got a couple minutes left, if you want to give like rapid, like your view on those opportunities for you next. Yeah, I absolutely agree with everything you said, I feel like the sky is the limit. And it's really incumbent on folks in leadership roles to look at AI and embrace it and move away from the fear. We have a sort of a unique situation in Wisconsin, but I think it's not solely in Wisconsin, but we have a structural deficit right now of workers. So last year in the state, we had record high jobs, record high employment, record low unemployment. Our labor force participation rate is a full 3.4 percentage points higher than the rest of the nation. Am I winning yet? Come on. And so we, and that was very strategic. That's a whole nother session about how we did that. But it was a lot of strategic uplifting and connecting with marginalized populations. But what that means in Wisconsin is that we have more jobs right now than physical bodies to fill those jobs due to the demographic trends that have been decades in the making, right? We all know our baby boomers are retiring. We've had low birth rates for several generations. And one thing that might be unique to Wisconsin is that we have had net zero to negative in migration over the last 20 years, meaning more people have left, maybe the weather, then come in. And so we are looking at harnessing AI to fill that gap. There is room at the table for everyone who wants a job and to be part of this wonderful revolution that we are in. We're in the fourth industrial revolution. So it's incumbent on us to make sure that everybody has access, everybody has opportunity. You talked about upskilling workers. The governor in the state of Wisconsin, my boss, Tony Evers, had one of the first, if not the first, AI task force all the way back in 2023. Google was a part of that. We brought all the thought leaders together. We have a playbook for how to prepare our future workers, our educators, our current workforce. We have a layoff aversion plan where we looked at our top five industries and folks in those occupations that are going to have the highest propensity to be disrupted. How do we upskill them? How do we bring our medium and small businesses along? And it's about embracing this technology to continue to move forward and harnessing it and moving away from the fear. It's here. It's not going away. So as long as you keep people first and bringing everyone along, that is so important to us in Wisconsin. And I will just end with one last stat, which is last year, the US Census Bureau rated Wisconsin number one for early AI adoption in the country. So I rest my case. I don't know. If you were holding a mic, you drop it. Scott, I'm going to give you the last word. I would just lean heavy into the concept of as leaders, you just have to drive it. You just have to say, this is what we're going to do. And don't take no for an answer and provide context for what it is that you're doing. When we throw out words like AI and when you throw out words like change, people get crazed. And if you just say, the example of training manuals, if you just say, hey, let me show you what I'm going to do with your training manual and the ability to process that information quickly and give very concrete examples of ways that you can bring AI into the workforce that are assistant. So yeah, I appreciate it. I mean, I think each of you are such forward look, you're forward leaning your leaders, but it's all based off of multiple years of experience, like you've got the scar tissue for this. And so the perspective is greatly appreciated. I mean, again, the train is out of the station, it's time to go. Yeah. And so the challenge now is all of you to lead. And so I want to thank each of you, Scott, Preeta, Amy, thank you very much. Thank you. We're right on time.