 Welcome to our session today. So the old adage, it's a journey, has been kicked around. I really think in this particular case, the sort of three or four years that we've spent working on AI with DFINITY and Deloitte has been a journey. It's been, had to twist and turn, but it's been a good one. I think we, it was all journeys, there's challenges along the way, but we got to where we wanted to get and we got somewhere to, we still got somewhere to go. So I'll let Tatiana talk a little, everyone knows who Deloitte is. I mean, Scott, I work at Deloitte, partner in the AI practice, focusing a lot of time recently on Gen AI stuff, like pretty much everybody else, but I've been doing AI for 30 years. Yes, it's been around longer than I've been alive, but not much. And Tatiana, why don't you talk, talk a bit about yourself and about DFINITY. Good morning, Tatiana Lalkovich. I'm a chief technology officer at DFINITY. We are a leading insurance company in Canada. We do personal and PNC insurance, and we are a 153-year-old company. But what's really interesting about us is in 2021, we demutualized and had one of the largest IPOs in history of Canada. With that, we have an ambition and aspiration to be the most innovative insurance company in Canada. And with that, we've been doing a lot of great work over the past five years to position ourselves for continued growth and innovation. And this is really our story of the journey with AI. So we started that about three years ago now. One of the interesting things in insurance is that you have access to a lot of great data. But if you don't have ability, tools, and platforms to actually extract the value from the data, it's not valuable. You don't get any business impact with that. So we understood that. And early on, we decided and partnered with Google and with help of Deloitte, we have built a platform in leveraging Google Cloud. And it was just in time. Because if you think about in 2022, when we completed that, that's really when generative AI accelerated. And that really gave us a good position to start with. And to start with leveraging AI. And so we got really excited. And Deloitte is our longstanding partner in delivering technology solutions. And we engaged them to help us go through that journey. Maybe just to say and give a context, how did we approach that? And what was our philosophy? So we believe that as excited as we are about technology, we believe that we have to always start with a business problem. And so that was one of the things that we said as we started exploring generative AI. It has to start with a business problem or opportunity. And we felt that in service, part of the business, that's the best area where you can really drive the value. And that's how we started. And then we said, okay, we don't want to start with the most complicated solutions. So you will see today we did quite a few different solutions for the business. But we started with something smaller. That allowed us to learn and deliver impact and deliver benefits, which is very important because we feel we need to get our business excited and educated. That's part of the job. And so what we did is we started with that. And we will tell you a little bit more, but I will turn it over to Ian to give you a more context story as to how we approached AI. But that's kind of a background and context on us and why we got on this journey and the benefits that we've seen. Okay. So this slide was fairly exciting a few years ago, but I think it's becoming a bit old hat. So I won't spend a ton of time on it. But generative AI has started. When it came out, it was good at a certain number of things. And you'll see how we sequence the use cases. It has to do with what the AI capabilities were at the time. So we know it's good at knowledge retrieval. Everyone knows about RAG. That was like an exciting thing a couple of years ago. It's good at investigation. You can use it for personalization. As an advisor, you're actually going to see all of that. To navigate a website, do authoring, help developers, and to do workflow automation. And as we walk through the use cases, you'll kind of see most, if not all, of these capabilities show up somewhere in the background. And I'm happy to answer questions as to where they're being used. But I want to get into the real content of what we did. We did it all on Google. And I do want to say, because we started this three years ago, there were some out-of-the-box capabilities. At the time, a lot of the stuff we had to do with Vertex, which is why one of the things we really love about Google, is if it's not out-of-the-box, you can build it in Vertex. It's relatively easy to do. And so there were some things that we built using Vertex that now exist in the Google product suite. And that's fine. If you're going to innovate like DFINITY wants to innovate, sometimes you have to do stuff like that. But thanks to the flexible technology, we can change models. We can go to out-of-the-box functionality when it exists. So you need a flexible platform. So Tatiana? Yeah, so let me start maybe giving you a perspective of how we see a business problem that we wanted to solve. So we have contact centers where we get calls from brokers and from our customers. So we have distribution through the broker network, but also direct-to-consumer insurance. And so what we felt is that we need to help our agents first be productive before we start turning those capabilities to the customer. That also allows us to practice and make sure that we do it in a responsible and safe way and help our agents be more productive. Then we said, okay, now we can see and try something very simple with our customers and understand how they feel about that because there's a lot more opportunities there. And that's where we looked into virtual agents. And then finally, something that I'm super excited about is contact analytics. So leveraging AI to really understand why your customers and brokers are calling is super important. And I am excited about that because that will help us really understand, number one, what's the pipeline of these agents that we need to build? Because that will actually tell our business what problems they need to solve to deliver that experience that we differentiate by. But also it will point into the business processes that exist that may not be working. It may not even be technology. And then, you know, the capacity planning and knowing, you know, how you stuff your contact centers to support customers effectively. That's in a nutshell the approach that we've taken. And, you know, I love that. This is credit to Ian. This, you know, diagram that shows actually how we see generative AI in a contact center. Okay. It's just a couple of things to add. One is it's the same platform. So the platform we built to do the simple use case is the same platform we're using to do the more sophisticated use cases we're doing right now. And the contact analytics, like, just two simple words. Like, what's really going on here is we're literally looking at historical call recordings using generative AI and, whoops, feels like super loud. And we're able to actually figure out, like, at a super granular level, what people are calling about. It might be multiple subjects. But this level of granularity allows us to look at, like, you know, instead of relying on what the agents are saying, the customers are saying, we're actually listening to the customers. And I remember a call. It was last week. And we were presenting some results. And I remember the reaction was, that can't be true. Right? And we had, like, a 20-minute debate on something. And it turns out it was true. Right? And that's, it's shocking when you actually sort of look at, when you can take unstructured textual data or voice data and turn it into something you can run queries against, the stuff you will find out. Right? And that's kind of the point. It actually informs the roadmap. Right? Because we know what's going on. Okay. The money slide. Yes. So I will actually not start in the order on the left-hand side, but really the order of how we delivered. So we started with call summarization. So what we found is that agents spend tremendous amount of time taking notes during the call. Because at the end, what you need to do with the customer is say, here's what I heard from you. Here are the key takeaways. And then they need to put that into CRM system. And they were doing that. Literally, we found out that they are doing it scribbling on a paper and then typing it into CRM after the call. And you can imagine, if you're in a business of providing differentiating service, and if you're interacting with your customer and frantically writing notes, you're not going to be the best that you can be. So what we found is not only productivity and efficiency, but actually the employee engagement went up. So what we've done is leveraged AI to basically take a whole transcript and summarize it. And automatically put it into a CRM system. And the way we approached it initially, we said, before it updates, we need the agent, human in a loop, to double check that that's the right content to go. And we did that for a week maybe. But we found that the content was actually higher quality than the content that humans were writing. And the people were starting to feel, okay, now I can relax and actually focus on a conversation with the customer. So super excited about that. The second thing that we've done is, this is where we tried with agent facing the customer. So chatbot facing the customer. And we didn't want to do it on a very complex use case. Ian would say, and the team would say, yeah, maybe it's not complex for you, but fine. But, you know, not as super complex. We wanted to do authentication with virtual agent. And we've seen tremendous, we're going to speak, I don't want to jump the slides, but there's, you know, measurable benefits of that. And then we said, well, let's go now in something more complex. And as Ian pointed out, we started building agent assist. And what we mean by agent assist is the AI is listening to the conversation with the customer, contextualizing it, pulling the relevant information from different systems, aggregating that, and giving them information to respond as well as action items to do. So I'll tell you, in insurance, you need to know your insurance product. You need to know your customer. You need to know all the compliance rules. There is so many things that they need to be able to learn and respond to. They need to be licensed in many cases, depending on the call. And you can imagine that experience. Sometimes, like one of my team members would say, you know, when you call someone in a call center and you say, let me put you on hold. Or even worse, you start hearing that frantic typing and they're trying to get information. This information is now, and you will see it later, available to them, as well as some sales and compliance tips to specifically not forget to cover that with a customer. So we were super excited. It was so early, and we deployed that so early that, as Ian pointed out, we didn't even have some of the out-of-the-box capabilities that Google provides now. So we are now looking into, okay, how do we get closer to that and get some additional capabilities that Google is going to deliver through that and that we can leverage. And then finally, contact these insights. As Ian and I talked about, really super powerful tool. We started with some key dashboards that are relevant in call centers, but allows infinite ability to research deeper what the issues are. And as Ian pointed out, we get the results and we're better than that. And you find some really good opportunities to improve your business and improve your service. Ian? Yeah, just a little pile on. So the call summarization, what was crazy, but that was probably the easiest one to do. Was it three minutes we took off the agent sort of after-call wrap-up time? So the thing paid for itself in like less than six months, right? So it was one of those, like we chose that well, like easy use case, big impact. You'll see on the virtual agent, sorry, on the agent assist, we'll show a demo from a lower environment, but it's like a real call. One of the tricky things there, because we're like dynamically generating the content, like this stuff is not, you know, the customer says something, we're not just pulling off a piece of, basically a digital piece of paper that says like, say this. Like it's built dynamically based on the call. Tricky thing, there were two tricky things to manage there. One was cognitive load. I remember when we first started doing this, it was just too much information for the agents. So a lot of this AI stuff has nothing to do with AI. AI, it's sitting down watching what the agents are doing and trying to figure out just the right amount of load. And the other one, I can't say this enough, is once you get into like basically real-time AI, managing like latency was crazy. And I think I mentioned it to you, Tatiana, we haven't deployed it at DFINITY, but the latency was pretty good. But right now we're building, we've got a prototype to solve latency where an AI is actually going to look at the possible paths the conversation is going to go and preload the information, right? So even if the AI is fast, the backend systems are slow. So preloading the information to get good latency is important. But I would say just in general before we move on, it's getting to the point where the AI is not that hard to do. But the understanding and the integrations and understanding how the business people are using it, like the stuff that people don't get excited about, that's what gets you killed. It's true. And that goes into our kind of things that we learned. Maybe I will mention a couple of that really resonate with me. The knowledge that you have to have is beyond only AI, as Ian said. Sitting with the agents and understanding what they're doing and translating that as to how do you design AI to support it appropriately, very important. The understanding of distributed system and integrations, like you said, preloading, super important. Because otherwise, things are just not going to work as smooth, especially when you get to the real time. So that was really, really good lessons for us. Telephony understanding. So you really need to know your technology ecosystem around so that you set your AI solution to work optimal. The other thing that I would mention, and I'm super excited, and it's a learning, how do you design it right from the beginning and understand what capabilities are your foundational agents so that you can later on orchestrate it and compose it for different use case? Because that's the idea of innovation. You know, you want to build, you know, components that do something in agents and then later on expand the business impact without investing every time a large amount of money. And so what we are excited about, this whole call summarization and authentication, we also have a call center for claims, where our claims adjusters are processing customer claims. And so what we are doing now, we are leveraging the same solution, tuning it to a different use case and different audience, but solving the same problem. So if you imagine the investment now creating even bigger impact. And the third thing for me, and then I'll turn it over to Ian because I know he's passionate about some other learnings, is, you know, tracking the business case benefits. And something that I think we still need to wrap our heads around as AI accelerates further and the more we use it. Typically, when you do a system deployment, you assess your benefits, you put it in a business case, you say it's going to be four minutes per call, and I'll talk about that. It's actually four, and I believe it's more. But the beauty of that is that you get a certain level of accuracy initially. And it may not be as high as you want, and patience to get there is important. And then you, as the models evolve, you get actually higher accuracy and higher performance on an ongoing basis, and your benefits actually grow. And so if you think about how financially we, you know, capture those benefits on an ongoing basis with AI solutions, it's a very interesting problem that we are trying to solve. Because you actually, initially, you get less. Then you get and hit your benefits that you put in a business case. And then you see a year later, you're actually deriving more value than you're initially projecting. And so capturing that value becomes something that we all need to kind of think about how you track that. Yeah, which is one of the reasons why so many people start in a contact center, and why Divinity did too. It's one of the most measured places of an enterprise. So let's get on to, like, the real money slide. Yes, so that's the benefit. I want to say these are measurable benefits that we achieved. And I mentioned on the call summarization, I see three and a half minutes. I think we are closer to four minutes now. And so I always give people perspective. You say someone four minutes, that's not big. You think about every call, four minutes, every day. That becomes a really powerful benefit. That's why, as Ian pointed out, the payback time was six months, which is amazing for any technology solution to get in-year benefits that effectively. The quality I mentioned of the call summarization was, like, 99%. We determined that we are actually getting better call summaries and better now tracking in CRM systems that we had. But something that, you know, I mentioned, customer satisfaction, our broker satisfaction is super important, but also excitement on our call center employee engagement. And why is that important? You probably know that people don't last in call centers for a very long time. It's a very tough job. And so imagine if you make that job easier. A, retention of talent in that place is going to be better. And then finally, the other thing is easier to train the new employees. So super, super excited about that. I would say for virtual authentication that I mentioned, response from the customers, very good. We are at 75%. That means that only 25 goes for agent authentication, like live person, which we felt is great. Again, payback, maybe not as big because the saving, you can only save so much time on authenticating a person. But still, a minute, every call, it adds up. It adds up. It becomes a big benefit. On the agent assist, we have, what I really like is that we have gradually deployed. And throughout the gradual deployment, we learned and tuned and dealt with, as Ian said, response times, tuned out. So we really got the employees super engaged. And the reason they are really engaged about that is you can see their thumbs up for every interaction with AI is pretty high. And that's also important because it feeds back to the model and how we optimize that. So we're pretty excited about those benefits as well. Okay. So we're getting close to the demo. But I just want to actually touch on a point I forgot to pile on in the last slide. And I'll spend a bit of time later on it. But we were doing sort of agentic AI before we even knew it was a thing. And we sort of looked at the problem and said we needed to break it up into small pieces. And it turned out that all these agents could be reused, right? So, like, that seems to be the pattern these days. But I think it's an inevitable conclusion of actually trying to do stuff with AI. You'll land on the right architecture and then it becomes a thing. But as Tatiana was saying, as DFINITY rolls out new use cases, they're basically taking, you know, each one of these use cases is not one agent, right? There's multiple agents. But we can just rip one off and, you know, use it again, right? So the cost to build and the cost to extend is there. And I would also say, you know, Deloitte was doing a lot of the heavy lifting with DFINITY at the beginning. But a lot of the stuff that the extensions and the new areas, like DFINITY is running with it, right? We built a platform. The know-how is there. We all had to figure it out, including us. But once we sort of got the patterns, like, we expect our clients to run with this. Like, why not? Any comments on that, Tatiana? Yeah, no, I think we generally have that really strong partnership where the philosophy is we scale through our partners and we do new ugly stuff, difficult stuff with our partners. And we discover together. And, you know, that that partnership and working together and engaging the team who feels part of that journey and they know they will own it and build on top of it is super important. I think that's a great philosophy for success as well. And so that gets my team super excited to work with Deloitte. And they're running with that. And we started with call summarization, started with English, then we needed to do the French. And they did the French themselves. And that allowed them to really get their hands into it more closely. So I think that's a really successful approach for us. I do have one sort of side comment. You know, from my intro, you would have known that I would have said that I'm kind of a machine learning guy. And I did say a lot of this stuff kind of is engineering. So if any of your organizations, like, have a bunch of data scientists who want to, like, help push the envelope with AI, like, that's fine. But the skill sets, it's quite interesting that it's much more of an engineering problem. It's much more of a systems engineering problem. So you've got to be careful to not, you know, see the words AI and assume that, like, it's a data scientist's job. Yep, we have them on the teams. But these are much more kind of engineering and systems-focused teams with a bit of AI rather than a bunch of data scientists trying to learn how to write code. And I've written a lot of bad code in my life, and I will continue to write bad code because I'm a data scientist. Like, we're not – we always think our code is awesome, but, like, that's not our training. Like, yeah, we know how the AI works, but a lot of the AI is, like, built. So you need that kind of critical thinking. But you need engineering talent, right? So don't take your data science team and think they're going to build this stuff. You need a bunch of engineers to make this really work. Okay. So I'm going to skip this because I want to get to the demo because we're doing a lot of talking. So do you want me to go over what they're going to see or – okay. So I'm going to show this to you in a minute. But instead of sort of stopping the video, I'm just going to point out just where you should be looking. So what you're going to be looking at is a sales – like, basically a Salesforce pane of glass. Oh, we got a laser. I almost shot you there. Sorry. So what you're going to see here is on the left-hand side is the live transcript, right? This is not how we're doing summarization, and I'll talk about that in a little bit. This is just what's being said. So we know who the caller is or the agent. It's all diarized. It's all – that's done by one AI agent or a number. And then you will see as the conversation is going on, these will be summarized into live notes with some – and this is all totally customized to what DFINITY wanted. They wanted some bullets on the call, and they wanted, like, a deeper dive of bullets here. So the contact and, like, the main sort of keys and then, like, a summary for the end of the call. An agent at any time, if the AI hasn't picked up on something, can just type in here. But what the real magic of the solution is going on here, where as things are being uttered, you'll see in the demo a policy number gets uttered, and it doesn't say, hey, the policy number is X. The AI recognizes it as its policy number, and we'll put it in front of the agent and say, okay, like, validate the policy number, so now I can go to back-end systems. And then as the conversation is going and the AI sees opportunities to give the agent information, you're going to see these knowledge cards pop up. The important thing about these knowledge cards is they're built dynamically. They're not built – it's not some canned bit of information. And so if somebody, for example, I don't think we're doing – this demo doesn't have a wedding ring, but they'll say wedding ring. There's nothing in the DFINITY documentation about wedding rings. But the AI figures out that that's probably a specialty item, and will pull something up for the agent to do. And it's, as I said, built dynamically, tuned to the cognitive – look to the number of these that come up and how detailed they are, is tuned to the cognitive load that DFINITY agents told us they could handle. Okay. So without further ado, let's hope for the sound to work. Do I have to hit play or – All right. How many slides is this? Underwriting call. Good afternoon. You're speaking with Jenny. How may I help you? Hi there. My name is John calling from Best Brokerage. I have a few questions to ask you about one of my clients. Okay. I can definitely take a look at that here for you. Do you have the insured's name and their policy number? Yep. The insured's name is Michael Anderson, and their policy number is 110-537825. Okay. Let me just take a look and pull that up. Okay. And how can I help you there today? Yeah. So my client is doing major renovations to their home, and I wanted to look into whether this is included in their policy or what their next steps might be. Sure. Let me just take a look. Okay. So currently, as the policy is right now, there's no major renovation coverage built into it, but we can definitely go through a few things to see if there's coverage that we can provide that meets the criteria. So I'm just going to look into this here for you. Now, do you know what type of work is being done, like what the nature of the home renovations are? Yeah. So they're going to be redoing their kitchen and gutting two of their bathrooms. It should be around a $60,000 renovation. Their basement also isn't finished right now, so they'll have to finish up the basement during this renovation as well. Okay. And will the insured be able to live in the house while the renovations are going on, or will it be vacant during that time? The insured will not be able to stay in the home during all this, so they'll be moving in with their parents until it's finished, and they anticipate it all taking around six months. Okay. Okay. And once the renovations are complete, is it going to be occupied again by the insured, or are they planning to sell or rent it out after? So the insured will be moving back in, so it will remain owner-occupied once everything is completed. Okay, perfect. So I'm just going to review this here and see what we have here for you. Just bear with me here for a moment. Okay. Okay. Okay. So we've got a few things here. So based on the type of renovation, it is we don't have any issues with that. So what your next steps are going to be is to apply the major renovation permit, since the renovations are going on. And since the insureds are staying somewhere else and the risk is vacant, we would ask that you apply the vacancy permit onto it as well. And since there's quite an extensive amount of work being done, we'll need a new home evaluator to be completed, which is to be done at the start of the renovation based on the dwelling's expected look once the renovations are finished. All right. Sounds good. So I'll just verify the exact date with insurance when this is all going to start. I'll go ahead and add the vacancy and major renovations permit. And I'll also complete a new evaluator and update the policy with the new information. Yep. That's perfect. Is there anything else that I can help you out with? Nope. That's everything. Thank you. Have a great day. Thank you. You too. Goodbye. Bye. Isn't that cool? It's not as slick as the demo we saw yesterday from Google, but we're still pretty proud of it. Like, that thing is real, and it's really helping agents. Anything else to add, Tatiana? No, it's really great, and we actually have every year a strategic broker conference. We bring our top brokers to discuss strategy and how we serve them better, and we showed this demo, and they were super excited, thinking how they're going to do that, how they can support for larger brokers, how they can support their customers better. And so they were super excited. And that leads me to maybe one final thing. Don't forget change management during this process. Integrating and getting the business and users excited about AI, super important for the success and benefits of your project. Awesome. Awesome. So we decided I had a time to leave time open for questions, so please fire away. Anybody got any questions about this? Yeah? No, that's a human being. You heard two human beings talking. The only thing, I know the voices were great, but yeah, it's not AI. The only thing that, the AI in this case is working in the background and pulling up information to help the agent, but that's a human-to-human call. Any other questions? Yep. Yeah, when you guys implemented the call summarization, did you ever run into any issues where the transcript was getting incorrect information and then putting the call summarization, you guys populated in CRM? Like if you guys did, how'd you address it? And not like any ways around that? Yeah. So yes, we did. I think things would be a lot easier now. So one of the biggest, you know, people say garbage in, garbage out, but like for summarization, if the speech-to-text is bad, the summarization is bad, right? And it's kind of nonlinear, just to nerd out a little bit. So we spent a lot of time looking at different speech-to-text engines, like not just Google's. Like we looked far and wide to see which ones were the best ones, and we got to one which had like a word error rate of less than 5%. And once we got like a low word error rate, the summaries were way better. There's a lot more tuning that happened, but that was like the biggest sort of factor. And I think like, this is two years ago, right? Like I think like the technology advanced so much that I wouldn't think it would be as hard as it was for us, you know, now. Does that answer your question? Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Is this on? Oh. I feel like. I'm in the back, sorry. Tossing my microphone. Thank you so much for that demo. I really appreciated seeing your thought and how the experience comes together. You also mentioned something that we're really passionate about for our agents is the cognitive load and all of the data that we put in front of our agents. In the demo that you were sharing, was the live transcription, is that visible to the agents? Are they using that? Or is the UI just what was on the right panel? No, it is visible. You have a full transcript on the left-hand side, if you might notice. And then on the bottom, there is a summarization. So if we go back, this side is live transcript. It's available to the agent. The live summary on the bottom right is where they get actually summary of the call and it's dynamically built. And then the tips and coaching is in a top right panel and it's dynamically populated. Fascinating. And do they have, final question, do they have other systems that they need to access to get the data or is this the only interface they're working with when they're on the phone? They don't have to access any other systems, but which goes back to complexity of solution, the integrations in the back to deliver the data to AI is multiple systems. So there's a core policy administration system. There is data in Salesforce. There's historical transcripts. There's a numerous, there's also, I think we have a SharePoint where we are building, pulling the data from their knowledge base. So we basically connected all the data and all the systems where the information resides that they would normally need to interact with each of them. And this is the only interface they interact with now. Amazing. Thank you. I don't, okay, great. Thanks so much. This is James Lee. I work for Investment Bank, Misuho Securities. Sorry, I have a multi-part question here. I'm just curious, what is the data requirement you need to have in order to launch the customer service agents here? And what kind of investment do you need to make advance in order to launch a product? And also secondly, you talk about increasing productivity. Can you also maybe dive deeper in terms of looking at what kind of cost saving you were able to generate for your firm? Thank you so much. Thank you. We have 15% productivity improvement just on call summarization that is really measurable. And so it's, we have metrics for everything. How much shorter is the call? So if you think about in call centers, you know, scheduling and workforce management is very important. So you can track the capacity of the team that you need to have to service the customer in a different way. And you can measure how much time you're saving, which translates in savings. What we, on our side, primarily focused on is we are in a growth mode. So for us, it's not about, you know, eliminating, you know, headcount. It's more about doing more and servicing more volume with the same capacity. And so that's how we are thinking about, you know, growing. Because, you know, the trick is if you can grow and keep your cost at the lower level and not follow, your cost not follow the curve of growth, that's where you actually extract the value. So I started with that question first. And yes, the data, very important. If you recall at the beginning, if you were here, I talked about our journey and how we decided to build Google with Google data platform and put all the, you know, effort in consolidating data and cleaning the data and understanding the, we have the team that is focusing on the data governance and making sure that the data is accurate and there's traceability. And so we spend a lot of time building the platform to do it right. And that's why when we finished that in 2022, and it's not that we had a crystal ball, but it was just in time when whole, you know, whole generative AI accelerated. we've been practicing AI in, in the company for 10 years now, but this really puts us in a position to leverage the data effectively. So having a platform and right tools for our analytic, advanced analytics team for our engineers was key prerequisite to be able to accelerate, accelerate adoption. Otherwise, we would, we would have a lot slower start. Let me just pile on there a couple of quick things. Like, sure, the data is true, like, data is important, but a lot of what we're doing here is we're going against, like, data that we didn't torture. Like, my old, you know, my old life as a machine learning guy, like, you did a lot of work on the data to be able to do this stuff. Like, we're like, we're pointing it at backend systems. We're not going against the data lake. Like, we're going to source systems. We're going to, you know, knowledge articles that were not specifically designed for this, and we're able to do it. And, like, probably to me the most exciting thing about generative AI is how flexible it is with the data. Notwithstanding, the integrations can be a pain in the butt. Like, that's true. But you don't have to spend a lot of time kind of figuring out exactly what format the data needs to be. You don't need to put it in rows and columns. So it does make this a little bit easier than it, or a lot easier than it used to be. Oh, just, and just in general, like, on the benefits, like, I won't give you a dollar thing, and I won't, just won't speak specifically to DFINITY, and it obviously scales by the number of agents. But we don't do implementations, like, as Deloitte. Like, if we're doing a business case, you're typically at the minimum looking at 30%, 30% capacity creation. And it can be higher. That's, like, a conservative number when we go in to do a business case, if that helps. I think we got 37 seconds. Anybody want to go fast? Hello. How's that? How you doing? Ray Belcox Communications. Love the demo. When you stated that they didn't have to go anywhere, the change that needs to be made on the policies, is that happening inside here? Is it happening in the actual core system? And then, two, are you using this for any other channels? I see this is voice. You're doing SMS. Are you doing, like, a mobile SDK email? That's next. Yes, if they need to update the policy, they would still have to go to a policy administration system. We haven't explored what that looks like. Typically, on these calls, it's more like a support call. When we extend this use case to claims, where a claims adjuster is actually doing a lot of claims processing, we will expose this interface within the claims center. And so, they will be able to both get interaction with the claims center and doing the updates and processing, as well as getting these, getting the coaching from AI. So, we are very, very focused on making sure that we don't introduce solutions where we will share. That's not the experience of the future. So, we are absolutely looking into, you know, dealing with the backend integration and leveraging AI and its ability to pull the data that is not even fully structured to deliver that experience. That really drives also productivity. Just a 10-second pile-on. One of the things we didn't talk about that would address that use case is a tool use pattern where you're actually getting the AI to use, like, other tools and there's some really exciting companies and some really exciting capabilities where you really basically just have to give it a log and tell it what it needs to do and it can go update the policy system and Guidewire, right? So, again, we haven't done it yet. It doesn't mean that it's not, that it's super hard to do. We just haven't got there. So, I guess, I think we're done. So, I'd like to thank you all and especially Tatiana for supporting us for the last three or four years that we've been working together and to a future of doing some more cool stuff. Same to you. Thank you.