 Welcome. From Data to Action, building casual AI systems with knowledge graphs. My name is Eduardo and I'm part of Duet, a premier partner of Google Cloud, and we help customers realize the best out of the cloud. We do this by combining data intelligence, workload intelligence, and ultimately human intelligence to get the best out of the cloud. Now, today we are drowning in data, but often struggle to connect the dots between actions and outcomes. We are focusing too much on our correlation of this data, mistaking coincidence for cause, not taking in consideration hidden factors influencing both the cause and effect, mistaking sometimes the effect from the cause, and implementing strategies based on flow assumptions that lead to wasted resources. If we take a quick example in marketing, let's say that an organization is spending $50,000 in one quarter, and they see a 15% increase in sales. Now, they see this, and in the next quarter, they want to double it. So, they double the budget. Ultimately, they expect to see a 30% increase in sales, but what they actually see is only an 8% increase in sales. And this is because there is other factors behind it. So, casual AI aims to help us build systems that understand cause and effect relationships, enabling us to make predictions and decisions based on true underlying mechanisms rather than mere correlations. So, we take a look at our previous example. We see that marketing spend drives website traffic and ultimately sales, but all of this is influenced by seasonality. So, casual AI help us control the seasonality, measure the impact of an entire system, and be able to create better metrics that allow us to ultimately make better decisions. With the use of causal bird, which is an AI specialized in finding cause and effect in our data, we are able to parse not only text, but also metrics to understand that, in our example, the cost of social media has an effect in our website traffic, that website usability has an effect on conversion rate, and ultimately be able to find these hidden metrics that otherwise wouldn't be able to utilize. So, our pipeline looks like this. We have our documents and metrics. We process these with causal bird to be able to find the right relationships. We save these relationships in the Spanner Graph for faster retrieval. And ultimately, Gemini will help us retrieve all this information and really get valuable information out of it. So, this becomes a cycle in which we get our data, we ingest it, we process it with causal bird, then we save it in Spanner Graph, and create inference with Gemini, which then may lead to additional data that we need to incorporate, and create a cycle where the system gets better and better at providing recommendations. So, if we take all of these together, we can see that now Gemini is able to provide us better recommendations. We ask the question of how should we allocate $1 million in marketing budget across channels in our quarter two to maximize ROI. We see that Gemini is way better now at defining which channels to utilize and why. In our case, email marketing budget will increase by $50,000, and that will have an effect of 33% in our sales, creating a highest causal ROI. These help us to be able to explain why the decisions that we are making and have better outcomes. So, if you want to know more about Duet, you can scan our QR code, as well as we have a demo repo that showcases all that I have talked in here. So, I want to thank you for joining me in this adventure. I'll see you next time. So, of course, questions we have.