 . My name is Omar Sanseviero, and today I'm going to talk about the Gemmaverse and its latest updates. So, one year ago, we released Gemma. It's one of our first open models. It's powered by the same research as Gemini. And since then, we have seen a huge amount of community excitement, community adoption, and we have seen many projects based on Gemma, which we like to call the Gemmaverse. So, the Gemmaverse is over 60,000 open models shared by the community, from research labs to community members. We have seen over 100 million downloads across all of these models. So, we released Gemma 3 just a couple of weeks ago. Gemma 3 is designed to be the best open model that fits in a single consumer GPU. That means that you have developer-friendly sizes that go from one billion parameters all the way to 27 billion parameters. So, the small models, the 1B for example, can fit a single phone, and the 27 billion model is designed for larger deployments. Gemma 3 has many interesting capabilities. So, for example, it's a multimodal model. That means that you can pass image or video as input. It can do interleaved image and text, so you can chat about images and discuss and analyze images, so you can get proper understanding of the images. It's a model that many people like. So, if you go to the LMC's arena, you will see that it's one of the top-ranked models, and it's the top-ranked model that fits in a single consumer GPU. We also released Shield Gemma, which is a safety version for Gemma 3 deployment. And it's well integrated into many of the favorite open source tools by the community. So, we collaborated with Huygin Face and Oulama to make sure that you can run the models directly on device. We have the model in AI Studio, so you can try out the model there. We have integrations with PLLM for deployment. And we have made sure that the model is well integrated into all of the favorite tools that you use. You can also find Gemma in Model Garden in the different tools across the Google Cloud ecosystem. And you can go, for example, to Model Garden, explore the model card, understand which are the capabilities and read the documentation of the model. You even have a widget that allows you to play out directly with the model in the browser. So, thank you very much. I'm very looking forward to see what you built in the Gemmaverse. Thank you.