 Please welcome Accenture Senior Managing Director, Chetna Segal. All right. Wow, so wonderful to see you all here. Welcome. So we're really excited about today's session. We're going to talk about Gen.ai and agents. Before I introduce the amazing guests sitting next to me, let me just frame our conversation for today. So a year plus ago, Accenture published this research-based point of view. It was called Reinvention in the Age of Gen.ai. The idea behind that was that there are five imperatives, and we wanted enterprises to follow on those so they get the maximum value of their Gen.ai investments. Well, you fast forward to now, a year plus ago, and there's been an explosion in technology, right? We've got Gen.ai, of course. We've got agents, autonomous agents, digital humans, right? And so we wanted to make sure that that point of view still held. We wanted lots of feedback. So we went and surveyed over 3,000 C-suite executives. We looked at over 2,000 of our Gen.ai engagements. We went ahead and picked from our pool of practitioners 800,000 of them, and we wanted feedback. The good, the bad, the ugly. As Rumi says, if you get irritated by every rub, how will your mirror ever get polished? And we wanted a squeaky clean mirror. So what did we find? We found that the five imperatives still hold, to the point that the enterprises that acted upon all five gleaned two and a half times more in their Gen.ai investments. So today, we will talk about those five imperatives, and we will bring them to life for you. We will talk about things that were successful across industries, barriers, how we overcame them, et cetera. And to help us through all that, we've got, as I said, two amazing guests here, Tina and Jimmy. And so our first stop now is introductions. So, Tina, why don't we start with you? Thank you so much, Chetna. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Tina Baswani. I'm the Vice President for Consumer Solutions at Mondelez. I lead our global consumer tech strategy, bringing together personalization, AI, and digital marketing so that we can drive consumer engagement with a lot of empathy. I've been in the tech space for over 20 years across CPG, and I'm thrilled to be here to share how we're driving Gen.ai and meaningful change, and also very excited as our program was highlighted today in TK's keynote. So over to you. I heard that TNAT was brilliant. Yes. Jimmy. My name is Jimmy Priestess. I'm a global managing director at Accenture. I lead all of our AI business in the Americas, right? So Canada, the U.S., and Latin America, practice of over 4,000 data and AI practitioners, and a lot of the projects that Chetna surveyed and a lot of what Accenture does. I live in Washington, D.C. with my wife, Lauren, and my 18-month-old son, Hudson. Wonderful. So great to have both of you here. So we'll dive right into it. The first imperative is lead with value. So what does that really mean? It really means that you don't want to dip your toe in the water at this point in time. It's okay to do experiments, but if you have hundreds of proofs of concept, you will really have no cohesive business case potentially. So we want enterprises to choose those value chains that are strategic to the organization, that give them a differentiation from the competition. And so today, I'd like, Tina, if you could start with you, maybe you could lead us through this. How did Mondelez lead with value? Excellent question, Chetna. And also what you mentioned about, you know, doing a lot of experimentation doesn't really move the needle anymore. So at Mondelez, what we did is that we shifted from experimenting in pockets in marketing to actually really focusing on a value chain that will deliver a lot of business impact. So that's what I would say is when you're doing AI transformation, it's very important that you start with the what and the why. So what is the business value and why is this the value case that you are choosing? So specifically at Mondelez Marketing, we actually started this journey over a year ago now. And we spent a couple of months with our partners in Accenture. We said that we were going to focus on the content generation value stream. And then we worked together with our partners at Accenture to say, okay, so what are the levers that would best drive the outcome that we were aspiring from an ROI standpoint? And then based on those levers, then narrowed down to, okay, what are those specific use cases that if we started to implement AI, that would truly start to unlock the business value? So we said if we look across our content generation value stream, we looked at the end-to-end process, not just what was happening at Mondelez, but also what we were doing with all our creative agency partners. And then we started to identify that there was a lot of value that we could unlock with e-commerce, with our product detail pages, as well as in our equity creative assets. And so now that we were clear on our value case, what was the outcome we were going after, and what were the value cases within which we would implement AI, now we were clear what we needed to do. The second thing that we did is that we believe in the mantra. We either go big or we go home. So for us, we always had the mindset of really shipping out a minimum viable product. So while we were committed to experimenting and learning along the way, going home without a product was never an option. And I think this was truly powerful that we were very intentional on what we were going after, and we were committed to scale. So we took along our various marketing partners across the brands. We were going on roadshows, sharing our story, and also having them influence our product roadmap. And so whatever we will ship in the next two months, and then two months later each time, those will be something that will be meaningful to really help unlock the value across those different brands and markets. And I'd say the third thing is that in order to drive this at scale and for it to be truly meaningful, we really took a cross-functional integrated approach, bringing together marketing, tech, data, and legal. And I think this is really what made our transformation very powerful. So if I would sum it all up, I would say that, you know, don't start with the technology first. Start with what is the business value. What is the competitive advantage? And what are the specific use cases where it makes sense to apply AI, whether it is generative AI or any other forms of AI? And then really commit to scale. Love it. You know, I like the fact that you talked about marketing because one of the research shows that 73% of all Gen AI investments go in three major areas. Marketing is one of them. Then there's the customer experience piece and then the technology development lifecycle. So it is good to hear that that's giving you the outcomes. It's starting to give you the outcomes, right? So that's wonderful. Now, Jimmy, you have the luxury of talking not just about Accenture but of our hundreds and thousands of clients. So if you could shed some light on leading with value. Following Tina, I don't know. So just show the hands in the audience. How many people here have lists of use cases that they've started with Gen AI? Okay, good degree. How many here have actually implemented them across their entire organization, at least one of them that's big? A few. Okay, so it goes along with the stat that I'm about to just say. Nine percent, when Chetna gave her research of over 3,000 executives, nine percent of accounts, right, or clients said that they have only scaled one generative AI use case, a big one, like you were just saying marketing or software development lifecycle. Naturally, they've done little POCs, right? And that's great to build momentum. But really what we're seeing now, especially in the age of agentic, and we're going to talk about that a little bit later in pillar number two, or three, I should say, is going to where the value is. The critical piece that I'll say is threefold. One, you must lead from the top down. So it has to be CEO driven. That's the only person, right, in an entire company that can pull any string that he or she wants, right, to put the value where that he or she thinks it is. We actually found from research when a CEO is involved in some of those bigger transformational items, two and a half times higher ROI than when he or she is not. So the value is clear whenever that senior stakeholder is there. The second piece after top down is executive education. So we always think about, especially in the times of generative AI, of what Thomas just announced today, even two weeks ago announcing Gemini 2.5, and then another iteration. It's just the pace at which generative AI is coming out. Education, education, education, and we're going to talk about that in pillar number two of talent. But your conduits are your main executives that run your domains. They have to be a conduit of change, right, and then that distills down to the lower levels, which is actually where innovation happens. The third one that I'll say is setting clear targets. This is one of the most important things. And this is why a lot of ROI projects have failed is because they've not had a clear indication of an ROI from a value case, right, from a POC standpoint. And there's an old saying, what's tracked and measured actually gets done. You can't track something if you don't measure it. You can't measure something if you don't set a goal. And that goal is that ROI. So that's how I would advise, right, cross-leading with values, these kind of things. And the short story on an example, it was a large multinational bank. They came to us, and they wanted to take one of the core principles of marketing, right, as well as loan origination, which is core to a bank, right? And so they really shot high and hit it out of the park. But they wanted to make the loan origination process hyper-personalized and giving it to an audience of one. So when they gave you a loan, they knew your communication style. They knew everything about you as much as they could. And it originated the outcome that we've seen 80% faster in content creation, right, and 100 times more personalized, just to see some of the outcomes of handling a huge process, bringing together multiple departments in one. That's perfect. So that was beautifully covered, leading with value. The second imperative we talked about is reinventing the workforce and the ways of working. Now, last year, this time, I had talked about Accenture's perspective around technology being distinctly unhuman, in that we as humans have to adapt to the machines so the machines can in turn help us. And the idea was that the companies and enterprises that made their technology more human in the areas of, say, customer experience or employee engagement would get more out of their Gen.AI investments. Well, you fast forward now. I think the lines between humans and technology are really, really blurring, right? So you have to, the agents, you have to onboard them, you have to train them. Today, Thomas, this morning, talked about thinking, the agents that were thinking. And we talked about agents grasping emotions. And, you know, they basically have memory and they need to be, they could be powering physical AI. So in this age now, the whole thing about, you know, how we train or take care of our people or skill them and how we, what we do with our operating models, Tina, has a whole new meaning. So tell us, how is Mondelez addressing that? Wonderful. And again, transformation really comes with the people around it that make it happen. So traditionally, when we've done transformative projects in the IT or digital space, we've always adopted a two-in-a-box model, right? Where you have the business, in my case, marketing, sitting together with IT. But in order to fully unlock the value of AI, we quickly shifted from a two-in-a-box model to a quartet or a four-in-a-box model. But we like to call each other a quartet. In fact, one of my quartet members is in the audience today with us. And so we brought together marketing, tech, data, as well as legal. And this has really changed because we are together in the weekly stand-ups. We are together in the sprint planning. We are together in reviewing the share-outs from every sprint. And what this enables us to do is that it enables us to come together to co-create. It doesn't matter whether we are defining our AI principles or we are deciding on, you know, the product roadmap and features and what to prioritize. But this way, we bring the power of the four together. And together, we're able to make database decisions. And we're actually able to be more secure and compliant. So I don't see us in our new ways of working that it's slowing us down. We're actually moving faster. And when we talk about, like, the new skills that we need to bring into the organization, you know, a lot of us, I feel, are... Who here is not in the race of finding the brilliant, most brilliant tech engineers to code AI? Who is not in the race? None of us. We're all looking for them. But what this has taught us all is that aside from looking for expertise, it's very important to look for people who are curious, who are agile, and they're able to lead in a cross-functional environment. Because now you're taking away engineers, technologists like myself, who are very used to driving on our own. And now you have to have the patience to step back a little bit to make sure that your marketing and your legal partners understand the tech and you all go together. Because guess what? I may be an expert in the technology, but I'm certainly not an expert when it comes to all the legal rights that have to go with, you know, training data as well as putting IP to the output of what is generated. So that's how I would say is how we are really transforming and making sure that we are not just looking at solely focused and getting deep expertise talent. We leaned in. We gave opportunities for talent that were already working in this space, maybe did not know AI, but partnered them with people who did or had partners who did. But really making sure that what was distinctive was that they were curious and willing to drive cross-functionally. You know, what I like about your answer is one of the things we've learned is companies invest three times more in technology than in people and processes. And while the technology will be the underpinning of the transformation, people and processes are critical. Agreed. So that's brilliant. So, Jimmy, your perspective? Sure. I loved what you said. It's a team sport. Yes. To simplify it. Yeah. What's the saying? It's if you want to go fast, go alone, go far, go together. And that is exactly with this. And for those that attended the sphere last night with Thomas and others, I actually like the idea that it was adjunct that the AI would sit on stage with them. It's another person that now we're going, a digital human that's going to sit alongside of it. Right. But the greatest, one thing I hope that you take away from this, including everything Tina says, is your people are your greatest asset. Right? Right? Right? Right? Right? Tech alone will not solve a thing. Right? Right? Right? Your people are your greatest asset. So, we put this research out a couple years ago and have validated it every year. but 44% across any industry some are higher, some are lower 44% of all working hours in a given week will be impacted by generative AI that does not mean it's replaced that means we are going to be augmented by generative AI and your own assistant or how it's doing marketing and all this the biggest thing is most see generative AI as a technology not as a talent catalyst so going back to that point of training, education and talent that is key and if you read anything of Accenture's research or even our CEO Julie she asks her senior staff as well as it disseminates down to the junior staff what have you learned in the past six months it's creating that mind shift and that culture of innovation and learning we're always learning we should always be doing it especially in the pace of generative AI today for just a little stat with us and our business Chetna as you know we did a $3 billion investment in generative AI so $3 billion of which one third of it $1 billion for just generative AI is invested in our people for training across Microsoft, Google, Amazon every one of our partners because we have to be relevant in today's world with generative AI naturally I'm a little biased on Google right of everybody in here should be doing that with Google but training is the cornerstone and the bedrock that you're going to build everything with the promise of what generative AI has to say that's perfect perfect all right so we've covered two imperatives now so we'll go on to the third one which is around building an AI secure AI digital core right so you want to have a strong foundation on which you build upon and that could have different meanings it could have things such as having infrastructure that scales or having an enterprise architecture that allows your data to be more fluid or it could be modular or it could be it could allow agents to be built or you could have let's say proprietary data that you bring in and that gives you a competitive advantage so the meaning of a secure foundation is big right that could include a lot of things so Jimmy if you could we can start with you on this one give us your perspective on how companies are building they're already cheering for you yeah enterprise digital core digital core so this think of it like a foundation of your house right this is the foundation that you build everything upon with your people right but this is the technology side so this includes infrastructure security and naturally the agentic era that we are in right now so it was all over Thomas's speech and I love that the I'm attributing the markets reacting and the Nasdaq today to Thomas and such but I that's just me and how how electric Thomas is when he's on stage but oh don't worry I was checking that too don't worry Thomas did great so on agents I was listening got it just paying attention agents though let's disseminate them down a little bit right so agents I group them into three categories right so there's an orchestration type agent right there's a super agent and then there's utility agents right so if I'm going to relate to a sports analogy right so your orchestration agent is what's kicking off the process it's like a whistle in a football game right or a start of play it is whatever's waking up so if you have Siri right you know Siri or okay Google you know your phone wakes up and starts to kick off the process the second one of super agents these are managing multiple sub utility agents that are doing a specific task so this is like your offensive coordinator your head coach they're managing a suite of utility agents utility agents are the very base that you build upon so everything that you're going to be doing with agent space and agent builder from Google this is like the quarterback the running back the wide receiver they have individual jobs that do very specific things and come back to hopefully win the game right so when you take those three steps and then you look at an individual's role so you're really reinventing the process of either marketing or anything that you're looking at you're looking at a person's job at what tasks are either can be automated right because that is technically going to happen right augmented which is the majority and then human only right so when you look at both three those three things on either side right you're going to figure out the utility agents can augment and automate right some of those processes human only is where you need to do valuable work and so let me tell you an example that we're doing with a healthcare company with Google Cloud so every one of us might have had a procedure or something with their insurance where they've had to go get a procedure done in short so there's a check and balance system within the health insurance company for prior authorization so it's authorizing you to have this medically necessary procedure and basically what's doing is imagine yourself as a clinician receiving inundated amounts of medical documentation thousands of pages a day and your job is to read all of that information and then go to another highly text driven document that changes quarterly on policy and then compare the two and then judge basically use your medical guidance right to evaluate if that person is necessary to have that procedure and go back and forth with providers all while the patient is sitting there waiting for that procedure to be approved the doctor is waiting there it's just elongation of care with Google Cloud and this health insurance company we've been able to deploy different types of agents that read medical records image data as a group huddle think of it that way to then recommend to the clinician that's authorizing this to either approve or deny the outcome that we've already seen with these agents is two to three X times faster than the current state right now that's coming over so that means patients are getting the access to care that they need in a very timely manner which is revolutionary of what this technology really has in store for us perfect Tina your take my take building off on that I love what you said that you know a strong digital core is really having your data foundations and I attended another spotlight series this morning it was about the enterprise AI playbook and number one is you need to have a strong data foundation so that's how I would start like for us we were very clear that having a strong digital core did not just mean infrastructure it really meant having the right data foundation so it's not just having databases but having the right data and making sure that you have the right data products and the right data models to fuel the inference and the reasoning that you expect out of the models our journey in Mondelez actually started about three and a half years ago when I joined the company and what I found was a lot of our marketing data whether it was consumer data or media data were actually sitting in pockets with our agency partners so I convinced our CMO office and our SVP of consumer experience that you know if we really want to drive true digital transformation we needed to start to bring this data in house but what really accelerated investing and bringing that infrastructure in house has really been our ambition behind driving a generative AI powered content ecosystem right so then it not only started to accelerate the markets investing in having that strong digital core but as we were learning we were experimenting and fine tuning the models then we started to take a pause to say okay do we have the right data do we have the right way that we're storing the data and do we have the right way that we're tagging the data so that we can drive more meaningful inference so this is really how we started and I like to use this analogy of the blood and the brain so if we think of AI models as the brain then the blood that fuels the brain is data and I share this because as I shared I've had experience across CPG and I've worked for a company that had a lot of rich data and had spent decades collecting consolidating bringing data in house and I share this as you know a tale of inspiration if you happen to be in a company or organization that may not be data rich internally I think this is where it becomes very important that again when you start with your value case you start with a hypothesis of what data I need to go after and then as you're experimenting then you start to realize oh I need this type of data set and therefore you can get smarter and you may start the race behind being data poor and actually emerge being data rich because what is important is not the quantity of data but the quality of data to drive your value case I absolutely love that I will say while you guys were talking I was also in another session what is the benefit of a AI enabled secure digital core one of the things we talked about there is in the customer experience area we are taking our clients through a journey they start with a call center and by the way these are not discreet you could have overlaps but you start with a call center you get into a contact center you're then making a customer experience hub to a customer insights hub those are the four stages if you will and to make that happen you're really underpinning it with Gen AI so simple things such as self-service which are really what let you enable stage three and four as a customer experience hub like we don't like to talk to people right that's what we were saying in that session and then also you know a customer insights hub you need to have good self-service and so we were able to implement that in a couple of our telco clients because they had a strong core that allowed us to put the customer engagement suite on top because their data was not in disparate systems it was all taken care of and so we could get them the value of oh no not that I just did self-service you're actually taking them to a game through a game changing stage of customer experience where your agent at the end the human agent is actually a trusted advisor who's generating revenue whereas all the inquiries are being handled by the AI agent so big paradigm shift and the goodness of having a secure digital core all right so fourth imperative AI responsible AI pretty critical Jimmy why don't we start with you on this one let's talk about responsible AI and your experiences there love it so I like to interact with the audience with our AI because it's often seen as compliance or sometimes a negative thing or an afterthought how many people here right in their organization have can point to RAI principles or anything for that matter that smells like RAI fewer than I expected actually it's good thank you I'm glad you're doing that so based upon our research so 78% almost 80% of organizations right that we surveyed have an RAI practice designed right so they have principles it's not about somebody who is responsible but what is the methodology what are the principles that you're operating under for like at Accenture we know exactly what models we're using who's using them what data has access who has access to those at any point in time across all of those 2000 engagements right the item that's we have a big gap I would say from the 80% that they say they have it right to actually having it implemented it's actually 14% of those organizations actually have implemented that design that is a huge gap that we need to close so that's why we always name this pillar close the gap on responsible AI so I know we've done a number of examples of industries so what we've done for a large language model manufacturers a lot of people in this room might use them they engaged Accenture to come and be a red team so red teaming is like I'm an attacker to their system right I'm trying to break and see where the LLM will break down if I attack it at a certain number of questions so we built not only the methodology and the principles that they were setting up in their organization of how their LLM was going to operate but we did about 60,000 prompts a week using this technology that just instead of a human approach looking at it naturally we had QAs and we even had agents on this what we found was it was 10 times faster doing this at equal degree of accuracy that a human going through this so when you look at the scale that Thomas and team are doing right of just pumping out new models that are eclipsing any of their competition right you have to operate at that scale so this type of I was just giving you an example of not just an industry but also even your LLM providers right that are out there are going through the same type of transformation with RAI great so building off on that Jimmy for us at Mondelez we said we need to start with RAI from the beginning not after the fact or the end and it's funny that you mentioned that you know traditionally we would think of legal security these are things that bog us down and slow us down but to be honest in this era of Gen AI you actually need them from the very beginning because they actually help drive acceleration so we really started with the principle of RAI by design and that was one of the first things that we did was set very clear principles for RAI and one of the hurdles because I also want to talk a little bit about one of the hurdles so we had our RAI principles we were very clear about what type of training data we would use when it came to tuning and training our image models there were two things number one is that we realized that we didn't have all the asset rights and clarity on the origination of the assets for us to actually be able to use it to train the models the second thing that we learned is that there are different ways that we can apply Gen AI depending on our use cases what do I mean so is everybody here familiar with the Oreo cookie let's take a stretch break yes so Oreo cookie is one example where if you look at the cookie right there's a very specific design embossment and if we think about using generative AI to generate the next Oreo campaign where you want the face of the Oreo we realized very quickly that Gen AI is not the right tool because Gen AI generates all the time so it's never going to be consistent actually it's going to be consistently inconsistent so then we started to realize that we really should be using a technique called product placement you can have generative AI generate the creative background generate the concept help you with the smart masking but what you really want to do is actually get the actual image of the Oreo because your consumers are buying that Oreo and the Oreo needs to look like that Oreo so these were some of the hurdles that we went through because of course generating the face of the AI will never pass our AI checker because that is a trademark and so what this did is that it allowed us to take a pause because first we had to think what data do we need what images do we need to launch with the MVP but what do we need to do differently when we're doing our next photo shoot for our next brands so as we do a lot of those photo shoots early in the year we started to publish out to all of our production teams please add this into the photo shoot list so we would start to have the right angles the right assets for us to be able to tune the models as we scale this up further and I'd like to underscore again how strongly we partnered with legal so every piece of data that we've used in our content gen AI ecosystem which we by the way call ADA so AI plus data all of that has passed also use generative AI to also check on compliance of RAI so we have built an RAI checker where we actually have you know LLMs are really getting smarter so you can create an agent an RAI agent that can actually take a product that was generated from your ecosystem from your fine tuned or tuned model and then you can use the RAI checker to then use vision AI and query the LLM and let know if it passed does it have any profanity could this be racist so this is how we're bringing RAI to life and how we're actually also using Gen AI as an agent to check that we're compliant to RAI that's perfect I appreciate the whole thing around responsible by design because that's pretty critical and one of the other things is people think of responsible AI as a regulatory box to check off that is important for sure but it can also be a lever for revenue and growth and trust absolutely wonderful so we are now coming towards the tail end driving continuous reinvention continuous reinvention frankly to me sounds exhausting it's a heavy lift right status quo is so much more comfortable but we know it takes continuous reinvention to stay ahead of what's going on in this world right you heard the keynote today the inferencing capabilities out there autonomous agents digital humans as I mentioned earlier so much going on that the organizations really need to be fundamentally agile in today's world so why don't we start with you on this one Tina tell us how is Mondelez addressing that so aside from taking through our marketing and legal organizations and agile training I would say that you know to have a very agile organization it's not just really the skills and being agile certified and being a scrum master but it's also about the culture right and I talked about this earlier that when we started to look at fielding talent for this work right we weren't just looking for very deep expertise but we were looking for people who are curious right who understand that things change so rapidly what is true today in a couple of months from now will be different or would be additive right and so we need people we all need to be really open that to change and that change will happen more rapidly and maybe as you're doing things today you need to accept that six months from now you'll probably have to go and tweak and redo something in fact we're already finding ourselves even before we're launching our MVP that we have to go back and upgrade our Gemini models so that's how fast change is really happening and because we have to be on top of not just how technology is evolving but also how remember at the end of the day we're building this ecosystem for our marketers for agency partners and part of being agile is having continuous feedback loops so this way it's embedded in our tool so when you use our tool you have the traditional thumbs up thumbs down but we've also built okay we've talked about do we do surveys or do we do quarterly check-ins do we do net promoter scores so then this way we are actually capturing feedback in the moment it may be just after they've completed the task and that way we're able to act on it so this is very important to build that culture that I love to get feedback because feedback is good but I have to act on that feedback and I need to be open that I'll have to implement what I am hearing and last but not the least in terms of how we're really driving a more agile culture is we've started an ambassador program so while we're building this we have identified we started you had mentioned earlier Jimmy about making sure that you bring the executives along so actually it reminded me that we did a lot of road shows at the executive level not just with our leadership team at the C level but even with our board of directors so all the way from the top the board of directors they are very familiar with our use case what we're doing we have a mechanism where we're keeping them updated but then we said because we need the other marketers to buy into this because guess what we don't have corporate and central funding so if brands want this they have to chip in and so what we did is we said you know what if we start inducting people to become ambassadors of ADA then guess what A they will fall in love everybody loves to be an ambassador right and second is that they would feel empowered that they have the opportunity to feedback and then because they feel that they're a part of it they'll feel even proud to bring other people along so this is how we're tackling really driving a more agile organization we acknowledge that we needed to do really basic fundamental agile training and I really would like to thank our partners from both Accenture as well as Publicis Sapient who have been amazing and phenomenal in enabling our workforce to get onto the agile train but then it's also about how you drive that culture of wanting continuous feedback and making sure that you're acting on it and bringing people along the journey that is excellent and Jimmy we're going to give you the last word on continuous reinvention continuous reinvention so it's everything that we just talked about for the past 45 minutes all four of those this is just the fifth pillar that you have to do all four of them ongoing so the universal constant is change so what we saw a lot in the barriers from the survey and implementing a lot of these projects if companies didn't do all five of these so either they were really investing in digital core but not looking at their training and education plans or they got into the POC doldrums that they had everybody doing POCs and then most of them would fail and one would actually go through and then they would look like this is not bringing me the value that I expected so being able to float like a butterfly sting like a bee from Muhammad Ali being able to constantly adapt and move with the flow with generative AX especially with the pace that the education that's coming out on it is critical so a quick story a very large media company that we were supporting on this we started we've been their transformation partner for a very long time and when generative AI really became a household name a few years ago they asked us how would you see this impacting the full media escape that they have from movie production to streaming to various services so we brought them together from the C-suite brought the CEO involved got 19 departments together we all came up with use case lists we prioritized those everything we've been all doing for the past few years and we used the five pillar framework to then get them started in the old days of people process and technology you wanted to build a snowball of excitement so those are those POCs investing the right way you wanted to focus on the digital core because having agentic now we're even doing some updating to your point everything's coming out different it wasn't your two years ago to really deploy them they now have a third year of their journey they have over 50 generative AI capabilities in production across a lot of the movie capabilities especially in streaming you don't even know you're interacting with with a agentic capability in mind and they have a they've seen they've already reaped benefits not only just digitally how fast they're able to go to market across their 19 services but holistically as an organization they really invested in their people and really upskilling their talent and how they could attract the right talent that you mentioned a little earlier that we're all in demand for that's completely awesome Jimmy so that takes care of the five principles there are three quick things we're going to do one I've been asked to ask you to fill the survey so we'll check that box please do that second is I want to thank the amazing partners in crime here because you really brought the five principles to life imperative so thank you so much both Tina and Jimmy my partner in crime from Accenture for doing that and the third and last thing I'm going to do is leave you with a thought so one of my favorite books is how to think like Leonardo da Vinci and in that the author talks about five da vincian principles basically these are characteristics that made da vinci the genius that he was and one of those is called sfumato in italian it literally means going up in smoke in flames and the idea is be comfortable with the nebulous if you go look up the Mona Lisa you'll see she doesn't have a defined outline there's actually blurriness over there and so the idea again is to be comfortable with things not being too clearly defined we call it chaos endurance and what better trait in this world in today's world right than to have chaos endurance and so we at obviously Google cloud at Mondelez and in Accenture we get that so we want to make sure you understand our message which is as da vinci believed going bold right making sure you're leading with value we know it takes courage and it's tough the second one is having the right workforce capabilities if you will the right operating model the third is around having the strong digital core the fourth is doing it responsibly and the fifth is being open to change that's for motto that embracing the disruption embracing the chaos we believe that's what's going to create an enterprise's enduring legacy so thank you so much for joining us today thank you thank you to the audience and I'm to meditate Zum zeg