 Today we will be talking about a very crucial topic that many businesses, especially startups and small and medium businesses, to think about how do you get the most out of your cloud budget. And we'll be sharing tips, strategies throughout. We will have some time at the end for Q&A as well. Who here thinks cloud is amazing? All right, all right. It definitely let lean teams like us punch above our weight. We can launch products faster. We can scale instantaneously and use all of those incredible AI services that you all I'm sure heard about in the keynote. But there is a paradox. If not properly managed, the power and flexibility can actually lead to unexpected spend. And that's what we are going to be talking today is how do you really navigate that paradox? How do small teams can make large impact when it comes to managing your cloud spend? My name is Pathik. I lead cost optimization in our cloud FinOps practice here at Google Cloud Consulting. And with me joining here is Andre from the FinOps practice, as well as Sean, who is the CTO and co-founder of Mavely, which was, as a few days ago, acquired by Later. Congrats, Sean. Our agenda is straightforward. In the next 40 minutes, we will be talking about the challenge, the why. We will be looking at FinOps principles all the way from understanding your cost, proactive governance and optimization, and ultimately leading to business value. We will also be sharing some of the newest announcements we have in this space. So stay tuned for that. As we go into the next, Andre, tell us why. Absolutely. Why we are here. So let's talk about the why. The cloud creates so many opportunities. It allows businesses to scale beyond measures. However, the cloud also has the ability to be very difficult and cumbersome to manage. For lean teams, startups, small teams, optimizing cloud spend is very critical to their business. It truly directs their ability to survive. Every dollar saved is days, hours, weeks, months added onto their runway that gives them the ability to iterate, test, and truly find that right product market fit. In addition, when we think about optimization, it also gives the flexibility for businesses to invest in people. They give you the ability to hire the right people at the right time. And not just the people. We also have to talk about the product here. The product gives you the ability from cost savings to reinvest into that product that your customer has been looking for. It allows you to invest in innovation. It allows you to iterate and gives you all the flexibilities you need to really find that business value. And we cannot talk about optimization without talking about bottom line profitability. How do we impact our business? And this is where I think it's going to be very pivotal for us to think about small businesses, especially startups, of how do we get them to survive? How do we allow them to not only survive but thrive in this business? And we'll be talking about that today. And I'm proud to bring up Sean to give us some more insight on how Mavely's been doing it. Absolutely. Thanks, Andre. So I'm Sean, CTO of Mavely and now all of Later. I'm excited to take everybody here through our cloud journey. A lot of the different practices and kind of paradigms that we found to be really effective from a small, stale startup to where we've grown today. But in order to contextualize that, I probably need to explain what Mavely is and what we've done. So at Mavely, we've created a platform to help creators monetize their social audience. The way that we've done that is by partnering with over 1,500 different brands and retailers. Think Walmart, Amazon, Nike, Costco, Sam's Club. And brought them into a platform by connecting through different attribution models and kind of gateways to be able to pass traffic to all these sites. And then we enable our creators and influencers to find those different brands. And more specifically, the products that are shoppable and shareable from those different retailers to ultimately promote out to their audience. Your brain is probably going pretty quickly that, yeah, there's a lot that's needed here in order to support this platform and infrastructure. Connecting to the different brands. Learning more about all of our different creators, their social footprint. And ultimately using that to help them figure out how to monetize their audience. And so what that experience looks like for a creator is they can come into either a mobile or a web ecosystem that we have. We have worked to personalize an experience where they will discover the different brands and retailers that are meaningful to them. Upon creating these shoppable links, they're able to then share them via a tremendous amount of custom connections that we have to the social channels where their audience lives. There is a lot that we have to support across that entire journey. But when interconnected and truly connecting these brands, creators, and shoppers, it's really powerful what we're able to drive. From that, we've actually been able to build a network of creators, hundreds of thousands of creators, using these tools and technology to promote out to their audience. Ultimately driving a tremendous amount of commerce for our brand partners. In the last, now probably less than 12 months alone, we've driven over a billion dollars in GMB and sales for all of our partners. Exciting, great. It's been cool to see that scale happen in real time. But that, if not careful and if not very deliberate with the infrastructure and the architecture that we've put behind it, that scale can get out of control. So we're pretty proud to be able to say that while Mavely's revenue has grown, we've been able to really control our cloud costs in a way to effectively balance the two and profitably grow as a company. At Mavely, we're really proud of all of our LY adverbs. You know, our creators like to say they're authentically, boldly Mavely. Our engineers like to say they're smartly, efficiently Mavely. And I'll take you through a lot of those different practices here today. I'm excited to kind of give some paradigms and then give some specifics. Thanks, Sean. I like that tagline, smartly and efficiently. And it really hearkens on the point, right, that FinOps is not about just cutting costs, right? It's about bridging the culture, right? It's about bringing together technology, business, and finance and having one cohesive message and initiative of driving financial transparency and also delivering value for our customers, for their business. And the way that we really think about it is making sure that we're spending money efficiently and smartly and allowing us to not think about, you know, spending money on buying servers, but also just spending money on investing in our growth. And the way we do that is essentially focusing on three areas. First is the cloud-first processing, where we're leveraging the cloud-native features and tools to really be able to engage with our customers. The second is fostering an ownership model, right? Finance should not be the only one being responsible for cloud spend. It has to inherently be in the DNA of the culture. Everyone has to have a cost-cultural mindset when it comes to managing cloud spend. And lastly is tools and technology, right? How do we make sure we're investing in the right tools that gives us the cost visibility we need to really make an impact into the business? And it really starts with understanding our costs. You can't optimize what you don't understand. I think it's important that we enable our teams to really be able to understand their spend and to leverage the insights that we offer on our billing console, to leverage Looker, to really have these deep insights into the spend areas of their business. And we're seeing that our customers are really using this to give them deep insights to make impactful decisions around their business. So they're looking at their spend across different portfolios. They're looking at the spend across different cost categories. They're looking at that resource level spend. And then they're able to make smart decisions based off of that. We also, and I know you guys have heard it today as well and throughout the conference, there has been a lot of features added onto the solution that allows you to access your data more efficiently and do it in a seamless manner. We now have added Gemini 2.5 that's allowed you to have natural language interactions with your console so that it's seamless as you entering in a prompt and you'll be able to get data dashboards reported back to you in a seamless manner. What used to take weeks, days to develop dashboards are now taking seconds. So it just really speaks to the power and the capabilities that we offer. Lastly, when we think about also the flexibility of it, we do have the ability to have our customers use BigQuery export to extract that data and then leverage it across to any other analytic tool to be used as well. So, Sean, come tell me more about how Mablely manages their costs and give us some of that impact on that journey. Absolutely. So, at Mablely, visibility isn't just a port, it's existential. And now at Mablely and actually at all of later, we treat cloud costs like a product feature that needs to be relentlessly optimized. It's not just those features that are on the front end. Understanding your infrastructure, how you're supporting different aspects of it, and the costs that go into it also need to be A-B tested to understand where the right deployment of resources are going to be most efficient and effective for you as a company. We've got a couple of optimization strategies that we're pretty proud of that have worked well for us. The first, AI-powered auto-scaling. We, you know, imagine you've come up with this great product idea. It's really cool. You come into market. You really hope you scale and grow. All of a sudden, overnight, you have a couple creators who come onto your platform, and they can drive hundreds of thousands of clicks pretty quickly. And you're scaling and seeing sales happen fast. Pretty cool, right? Pretty much what happened at Mavely. Almost overnight, we saw our traffic patterns, our just activity from the creators, and ultimately sales scaling like crazy. That can be really cool until you check your cloud bill and realize that you might have done perfectly optimized for that sort of scale and growth of your resources. So we trained actually a pretty simple AI model that just predicted traffic patterns and then their likely impact on our different resources. And then that allowed us to better understand where we needed to scale effectively, especially around shopping patterns, because it can be not just seasonal month-to-month, but even seasonal hour-to-hour within a given day. And so really helpful to help basically have an always-on assistant to identify these sort of things. Second thing that's just right out of the box and easy is Google's cloud recommender. I think the engineers at Later and Mavely are amazing, but they're not psychic. That is not a talent that they have. So fortunately, we've got the Google Cloud API that identifies different resources within our stack where we might be over-provisioned, whether it's zombie VMs, resources that we have over-provisioned. For basically what we need them from. That API identifies things for us and then allows our engineers to not spend hours searching for the problems, but just solving the problems. Last one that's been a big one for us is the spot VMs. So at Mavely, we transact in a tremendous amount of data. Data around the commerce exchange between creators, shoppers, and brands. We are processing millions and millions of clicks a day, millions of orders and sales a day. And we need to ingest that into our system and ultimately deploy it and display it as different data points across the entire infrastructure. Most of those jobs are batch jobs. They don't need to have five or four or nine uptime. It's just about getting the data in and then transacting with it accordingly. A really powerful tool, especially early on for us, was Spot VMs, which is kind of like Google's discount rack. They can reclaim that at any given time. You might lose access, but they're really powerful for batch jobs. So finding these right tools within this very vast tool shed is essential, especially as an early stage startup, but even as you're scaling and growing to the stages that we're at now. And so it's not just about these strategies and tools, but also how you kind of organize and think about it. So I'd love to bring up Andre and talk a little bit more about that. You're right. So now we understand our costs. So let's talk about how we can organize it. And the way I like to reference organizing costs is almost as if you were creating a shoe shelf. A shoe shelf. And essentially is before you put your shoes on the shelf, you have to understand, you have to build the foundation, the plumbing, the structure for the shoes to fit. And simply that's what organizing your costs is, right? Like you want to make sure that you have the right sort of resource structure in place. Make sure you have sort of that folder project split. And so that your costs and resources that are being created at the provisional phase really have sort of that alignment and structure. And what really is a non-negotiable is when we start talking about tags and labels. It really drives the insights and the ability to have a deep understanding of your cost structure. Time and time we see customers run issues where they are running reports and they're seeing untagged resources and unable to find and identify the person or the team that's responsible for the spend. To avoid all of that is to making sure that you have a right unified schema that gives you the flexibility to understand at the provisional phase, you have resources that are required to be labeled and also having some of those optional tags. What's also important is that you have input from all different functions of the business, technology, business, operations, as well as finance. Making sure that there's fully covered insights into the spend, especially from finance, being able to tie both your cost center, GL account, all into at the resource level and making sure that it's allocated properly. So, Sean, come up here and tell me how you guys are organizing your spend. Yeah, thanks, Andre. So, I think Andre gave us a really good overview of what's possible within kind of the Google war chest. And now it's like how do you actually practically apply this in an instance like what we've seen at Mavely? And so, for us, resource optimization isn't just about tidying up. It really is about survival. By using a lot of these practices, you can effectively allocate your resources and understand how those resources, particularly spend, are being deployed across your stack so that you can make sure that you're doubling and tripling down on the most valuable things for you as a company. A couple of simple yet really purposeful practices that we employ. First of all, just start small. You do not need to boil the ocean here. Like three tags. What's the team, the environment, the project, right? It's the payments team. It's production. Creator monetization. Keep it really, really simple. Who owns it? Is it prod or dev? What's the goal? You don't need to go crazy early on. It's just about visibility. It's just about understanding and organization. Second is automation. Trust is great. Automation is better. And what I mean by that is don't let certain instances or certain things be deployed without those tags in place. Whatever rules are most important to you as a company, just put that enforcement in place. It'll create a learned behavior for the engineers and the devs, and then it'll just become part of the culture. And the last is visualize. Share. Democratize the access to this data. Not even just on the FinOps side. I'm a huge advocate of share all the data of your company with everybody in the company so that they can understand how things are flowing and opine on different sort of strategies, whether they're in finance, in engineering, product, marketing, whatever it may be. So it's not just about putting these tags into place, putting the support from it into place, but also visualizing that via Looker, whatever your BI tool might be, so that the entire team can see it, particularly finance tends to care the most. And really understand and engage in these conversations and realize that especially early-stage product engineering isn't just about the shiny features on the front end, but the infrastructure that supports it as well, too. So continuing to go further down this role and practice of our best patterns, we'd love to learn a little bit more about budgets and alerts. Yeah, so setting up budgeting alerts is really around doubling down on guardrails. We want to make sure we have right control policies in place to prevent any rogue spending. We want to make sure that when there is an alert that happens that the right people are notified so that they can take action. So it's really making sure that you've configured your system to whether it be through a channel of your SMS or whether it be through Slack channel or whatever channel makes sense, that the right people are being notified and so that they can action on those opportunities. And also looking at thresholds. It's important to make sure that as these thresholds are created, it's created at the project level, it's created at the team level, at the portfolio level, so that there is proper risk management that is being put together for your organization. And so that is scales. The last thing you want to do is wake up to an unexpected bill that you didn't have to justify. So it's important that these types of cost control policies are put in place. And I'm going to bring Prathika onto the stage to give me a little bit more insight on how we can do this at scale. Thanks, Andrew. I think budget and alerts is definitely something that lean teams should start using it. But I think the other thing that we have seen customers start to think about is how do I apply preventive guardrails in place, right? There have been so many lessons learned from other customers in this space. And we don't have to make mistakes to learn something, but essentially we can apply these alert policies in place ourselves. Now, the whole idea here and the theme of this talk is you don't go out and build your systems and platforms to eventually write policies and alerts. Google Cloud Workload Manager lets you exactly do that. That is libraries with policies you can pick from. You define the scope, whether you want to apply it on a specific resource like compute or cloud storage, databases, and so on and so forth. Or you can define it at project level, folder level, or organization level. The idea here is to be proactive rather than trying to be reactive here. So we have a demo of Workload Manager and how it works in our showcase as well. So definitely go check it out. And then, Sean, I would love to understand, like, what are some of the other tactics, especially as we think about time sensitivity, innovation? How do we think about cost management getting a competitive advantage in that space? Yeah, absolutely. I like to say startups are like rockets. They're really shiny and cool. But you need explosive growth. And fuel, or cash, burns really fast. So you have to think about how do you deploy those resources, that fuel, in a way that you can turn those cloud costs into a competitive advantage. And we look at that in two kind of specific ways here in terms of kind of like more cutting-edge tactics, particularly for startups or leaner teams. One, there's a lot of synergy with what Google has to offer for these lean early-stage companies. What I mean by that is, first and foremost, Google's got a startup cloud credit program. That was incredibly formative for us to be able to apply and get into that because it allowed us to have access to credits to test a lot of things across the spectrum of GCP that we might not otherwise have spent money on. It's almost like, you know, being able to kind of throw chips around the roulette table. And then if a number hits, really doubling down. I know that's not exactly how roulette works, but roll with me. And that was really powerful early on because we got to test things that probably were outside of our budget as a startup, but we learned where we could find efficiencies and ultimately a competitive advantage to other folks who weren't thinking that way. On the other side, there's a lot of tools within GCP and specifically kind of within the FinOps side of things that if you think about it, you can really use effectively. A really good example for this is, you know, CUDs, committed use discounts, which is basically committing to a service over a longer period of time, but getting it at a more discount rate. Now, in order to get there, you need to have done the right testing, the right framework, whether that's tagging or whatever it may be, to feel confident about your investment in some of these resources. But that can be a very powerful competitive advantage for a company to be able to figure that stuff out early on and use it as a foundation for growth. The other tactic has kind of been weaved throughout a lot of the stuff that I've shared today, but really passionate about A-B testing infrastructure and infrastructure efficiency. I think most folks will know there's rarely one correct right answer when it comes to infrastructure and software engineering. So instead, it's testing those assumptions, baking it off, just getting stuff into market, but really being purposeful about monitoring your assumptions behind that and then investing accordingly. It's the paradigm that drives all startups forward, right? It's this A-B testing mindset. And that means moving quick, but then also analyzing. And so having both of those at the same time is a really important aspect of this tactic. Awesome. Thank you, Sean, for sharing that. I love the reference, experimenting and then doubling down on what wins. I guess to build upon that, unlike Rulay, you don't have to guess how much you can save. FinOps Hub can actually show you exactly what those cost savings opportunities are. And again, the idea here is the tooling already scans your existing infrastructure, identifies inefficiency, and then provide those recommendations directly to the team so that you can take efficiency actions right there. So these are things like resources that were deployed and are no longer used. This could be things like VMs and databases that are over-provisioned. And now because of the traffic fluctuations, maybe you can downsize it a bit. These are all the ways you can help save money as well. And then I love you mentioned committed use discounts. I think that is one of the biggest levers that our customers use. For those of you who may not be aware, if you have VMs or certain services that you think are going to be using for a long time, let's say a year or three, that's where you can actually commit for it in exchange for a very heavy discount. And we have also completely rechanged our cut analysis page, we call it, committed use discount analysis, where you can see your on-demand rates that you pay today for all of the resources that you use, as well as the rates that you are eligible for commitment and how much you can actually save. So this is all simplified in the cut analysis page right now. It works for USD as well as non-USD billing. It also provides you hourly granularity if you want to do further analysis in terms of getting that right level of coverage and making sure that you are utilizing what you actually commit for. And then one of the features that we also have is expiring cuts. So you now get notifications if your cuts are going to be expired. And you can also set up auto-renew so that way you continue to get those discounts using committed use discounts. I would be curious to hear how many of you have experienced anomalies before. Sudden jump in spike. All right. All right. I think this is one of those things which you cannot just avoid. You just prepare for that. And that's where one of the features that went into preview earlier in the year is now going to be GA, is the cost anomaly feature. It exactly shows you where the anomaly occurred, what are the top three services or SKUs that are contributing that anomaly. And then you can send notifications via email, mobile apps, or even do programmatic integrations in your own tooling as well. So, again, the idea here is to leverage the tools that exist out there without necessarily having to build everything. You can just quickly plug and play and start capturing anomalies and take actions right away. Sean, I know we have been talking a lot about understanding cost. We talked about proactive governance. We talked about optimization, catching anomalies and things of those nature. How does all of this kind of comes together in terms of value, which is what really our customers use cloud for? Absolutely. When I think about this, growth isn't just about moving fast. It's about moving smart, right? At Mavely, we learned that every dollar saved within the infrastructure side of things was something that we could deploy to find customer value in other areas of the business. You know, this comes to this mindset, this kind of cultural mindset of efficiency really is a growth multiplier. It's not the enemy of growth. It's the foundation. You can get spread thin really early on. And so, you know, thinking about, hey, how do we put all this together, you know, all the monitoring that Google gives us access to, the other ways that the business might look at different things, and bring it to practice. And so, one of the things that we did at Mavely is we identified what we called a usability score of any of our features. How many of our active users are actually using any of the different features across the entire Mavely stack? We could then, with proper tagging, resource that back or reference back to the infrastructure that supports all those different resources. We then set a goal, 75%. Our expectation was that 75% of our active users would use any of our core features. And if not, it forced a conversation. Should we continue to support this? Is this a growth opportunity? You know, did we get something wrong? But really connecting all of that all the way back is only possible by setting up the infrastructure in a way that you've got that tagging. You understand the different resources that you have available to you, whether, you know, they're off-the-shelf kind of startup synergies or whatever it may be, all the way through to something that, whether you were an engineer, a product lead, or a marketing person, you understood. Should we be spending time on this thing that our customers are or are not using? That's the ultimate equation. That's how we looked at really everything. And it was a very powerful way for us to know that when we scaled and grew, we were going to be able to do it effectively and efficiently. The other thing is just a concept of agility over bloat. At the end of the day, there's a lot of things that are available to you within these different tools and tool sheds, but lightweight architecture, simple kind of like what am I trying to achieve? What do I need to do to get that? Let me bake off, figure it out, learn, and grow. It's a cultural mindset as well as really just kind of an execution mindset that you need everybody in the organization to embrace. A tactical example of this is ephemeral environments are a really powerful tool for this. The ability to spin up and down different resources, understand their impact, but also be able to jump away if it's not working exactly the way you expected. And then generally just being cost aware in all of your pipelines, CICD, et cetera, it all pairs back to what we've shared here today and becomes a very powerful tool for a startup. And it allows you to take yourself from that lean startup phase to a scaled and growing company like we've been able to do with Navalny and now later today across the entire creator economy. Thank you, Sean. I love that you are moving quickly, innovating fast for your customers, and really using FinOps as a competitive advantage in terms of supplying into that innovation. Thank you for sharing the insight here, Sean. I know we talked a lot about how small teams can actually make large impact because all of these toolings is available out of the box through our console. One of the things that we haven't touched upon is culture. It's not one person's job to be able to do this. It's actually everyone's job within the organization to be able to do this. I read a definition of culture that I love very much. It's how you behave when no one is looking. I think that's very powerful in terms of how everyone can have that cost-aware mindset, that cost-conscious mindset as they start to build bigger and better things using cloud. And then FinOps can be fun. I know CME Group have been doing fun incentivization programs like FinOps Madness. So, you know, if you need more help around how to think about those things and how do you adopt culture at scale, definitely go speak to Raj and Kevin. I see they are right there. Corner them. Ask them about different tactics that they have applied as well. But I think really the idea here is, as Sean mentioned, giving these tools, empowering engineers to take actions, being open with the data so that they can actually make decisions using the data. And then finally, gamify it, as many other organizations in this industry is doing. All right. So, as we come to the tail end, I do want to announce, like, there are a few features that we are announcing at next. One is FinOps Hub 2.0. This is incredible because now you can get utilization, usage, cost, everything in one place to help you optimize accurately. It also shares you your FinOps score in terms of what opportunities lies. And it also gives you your friends score. So, you do get the peer benchmarking as well, getting that competitive spirit out there. Next is multi-project access. Now, you can actually give engineers and engineering leads and product leads access to specific projects that they should be taking accountability for without necessarily giving access to the entire billing. I know this was a point of concern for many organizations. So, now with multi-project access, you can really drive the accountability home and make sure that every single dollar that's spent in the cloud is being allocated and is driving towards the value. And then the last pitch, which Andrew already touched upon, is Gemini Cloud Assist. You will see a lot more AI features come into the console as well, starting with natural language interactions to create your dashboards. Anomaly detection is going to get better over time as well. So, definitely leverage all of those AI features that are available out of the box as well. So, some of the key takeaways, right? One, understanding your cost. That's where billing console is really helpful. If you want to integrate it in your own systems, that's where BigQuery billing export, where you have the raw data available as well. Two, laying down the core foundational capabilities, right? How do you organize your cost? Using folders, subfolders, project structures, using labels and tags, making sure that you have the right environment, right teams tagged onto this, so that way you can drive this accountability home. Third is governing your cost using policies, using budgets and alerts we talked about, and making sure that you are being proactive rather than trying to be reactive when it comes to managing cloud spend. Optimizing it. That's where FinOps Hub comes into the play. That's your single pane of glass. You go there, identify if there are any opportunities, and ensure that your team is continuously looking at that to make sure that the team is being efficient. And then finally, culture. This is a big piece. It's not all tools that is going to solve all the problem. I think ensuring that senior leadership is also sponsoring and making sure that it's supporting cost management activities as you tend to innovate quickly in cloud. And then finally, it's all about business value. So it's not about building something cheapest or driving down cost or cut your cost, but using it to make sure that you are driving the right value for your customers. We have a bunch of FinOps sessions going on today and tomorrow, so your FinOps journey doesn't end here. Definitely go check those sessions out as well. Your feedback is greatly appreciated if you'd like us to come back next year and talk about more innovation in this space. We would love your feedback for this session. And then feel free to connect us on LinkedIn if you have any questions, thoughts, if you want to bounce around ideas. Happy to be a thought partner there. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.