 Welcome everyone. Thank you for attending our session. Las Vegas, what an interesting city, right? There's no other city like Vegas, honestly. How many people have won some money? Don't be shy. I'm not going to ask for a loan or anything. All right, we have a few hands. Spoiler alert, the house wins. For most people in the long run, Las Vegas is not a positive ROI endeavor. And that's actually related to a topic we want to talk about today. In today's session, we want to focus all about ROI, business value, how organizations can drive tangible impact for their employees and for their company with agent space. I'm Stuart Mankata. I lead our product management teams for Cloud AI Agents in Search. I've spent a lot of my career working on SaaS platforms and applications. So I'm particularly passionate about how Gen AI will ultimately manifest itself in end user experiences that drive value. So I'm very much interested in a couple layers above the model, how everything comes together. I'm honored to be joined by Fabio Jabour from Banco BV. He runs data and analytics there and AI, as well as Shrigari from our agent space product management team. So we have a great session. We're going to talk about business value, drivers, use cases, example. Fabio's story is an amazing story. You'll actually get to see how a customer went through that journey of deciding how do I take this new Gen AI technology, how do I evaluate it, how do we prioritize which use cases are important for our organization, and how do we measure the value? How do we actually show that this is driving impact and results? And then, of course, we'll see a demo so you can see things in action. I want to start things off by providing a little bit of context on how knowledge work has evolved. The average day for a knowledge worker is pretty much indistinguishable from where it was even 20 years ago. And really, the catalyst for this evolution is technology. Technology has drastically changed the modern employee's workflow. How many of you have used a telephone to call a coworker? A few people, right? So it sounds strange to say, not a mobile device, not an actual cell phone, a telephone that's plugged into the wall or the ground or something. It's crazy how fast things have changed. If you look here, personal computers and enterprise software was arguably one of the largest leaps forward in terms of how knowledge work happens. It led to the digitization of our work, and it also led to the automation of some basic tasks and calculations, right? Imagine trying to do your expense reports by paper and pen or calculating customer lifetime value on a grid pad. If you look here, high-speed internet and mobile provided another leap forward. They allowed for enterprise applications to be connected to external sources to be accessible on any device from any location at any time, right? So that more or less brought us to where we're at today, which is this era of enterprise SaaS applications. So just to summarize things, just a few years ago, we had little technology or technology that was rudimentary. Today, we have a lot of technology. It works great. There's an enterprise application for almost any task an employee deals with. If you look at some of these workflows, whether you're in product or marketing or you're in human resources or sales, there are applications for each part of that workflow. One of the challenges is that most of this technology is not really designed to work well together, right? It's not all interconnected. So what does that mean? It means we have more data and more information than we've ever had. It also means it's more siloed than it's ever been. And the employee has to absorb some of that complexity. So the employee workflow is more complex than it's ever been. If we go back to the example about submitting expense reports, most employees still have to go to multiple emails, download receipts, go to your travel booking site, and get your trip information, go to an expense management system, upload receipts, perform manual data entry, and submit the expense report for approvals. Now, that's a pretty straightforward workflow that's contained to one or a couple individuals. Now, imagine something that's a little bit more complex that involves more people. It's no wonder having something like clean, up-to-date sales pipeline data is so rare. Like, there's just a lot of moving pieces. There's a lot of people involved. So it's a challenge. So what do we do about this? Intranets were introduced to solve some of the problems of bringing together all of these applications and these sources of information to a single location, and they do a good job of bringing together all that information. Most intranets don't necessarily tackle the problem of interoperability. They also don't necessarily tackle the problem of automation across those applications. On the other hand, we have general purpose AI assistants. They offer the promise of automation. However, a lot of the initial gen AI assistants, they weren't particularly intentionally focused on the enterprise use case. So they were good at generating content, and summarizing information from a single source. But they weren't grounded on enterprise data. They weren't great at synthesizing and summarizing information across multiple enterprise sources, or even automating and completing tasks across multiple applications. So this challenge of complex workflows for employees and fragmented applications is really what we're looking to address with AgentSpace. AgentSpace brings together AI search and agents to really reimagine the way work is done. So we built this platform that sits on top of an enterprise's applications and ecosystems. We have connectors into systems like SharePoint, Google Workspace, Jira, Salesforce. We built the platform not to work on a given vendor's ecosystem. We built it to work across the entire enterprise ecosystem. We also designed it with enterprise readiness from day one. So you get the security, privacy, and compliance controls wrapped around the entire platform, a lot of the capabilities we offer in a lot of our traditional cloud products. Now, of course, the big promise is agents. I'm sure you saw it all over the keynote. And I mean, pretty much everywhere you turn is agents. In a few years, someone will recreate that slide that I showed you a few minutes ago. And agents will figure prominently as one of those technologies that really change the way we work. Agents will change the way we live and agents will transform the way we work. So our vision with AgentSpace is to have it be the hub for agents for the enterprise for employees. That doesn't mean every agent needs to be built by Google. That doesn't mean every agent needs to be built on Google technology. It means that enterprises have a centralized destination where they can go to use, distribute, govern, and manage agents. So what does this look like? Number one, we have Google expert agents. These are out of the box. You don't need to do anything. You can get up and running immediately. We just announced two exciting ones at this event. Our deep research agent, which takes information from external web sources and Google proprietary and differentiated data and also uses the internal enterprise knowledge and expertise to perform deep research analysis, provide you a summary of a given topic as well as an audio summary. The second one we introduce is the Idea Generation Agent. It runs a tournament style of ideas and it ranks them and scores them to really help organizations with brainstorming on a wide array of topics. So those are the out of the box agents. Now, we just also introduced a no code agent surface inside of AgentSpace. So if you have business users that want to build agents on AgentSpace, that's one path. They can use the AgentSpace connectors and tools that are available for them to build agents with a no code experience. Now, if you have builders, they're able to build agents with our new Agent Development Kit that we just announced, the Open Source Agent Development Kit. They can use Vertex.ai and the other builder tools we have in AgentSpace. We've integrated those into AgentSpace. That's one option. Like I said earlier, you don't have to build on, we want this to be an open platform. So you could also build on other frameworks. If you're a full code builder, you can build on other frameworks and then activate them and publish them on AgentSpace. And then the last path is our partner agents. Via our Google Cloud Marketplace, this was another one of our big announcements at this event. We have an integration between our Marketplace and AgentSpace. So you can also go to the Marketplace, find agents that are built intentionally for AgentSpace and then provision them and your employees can now use them, find them in the Agent Gallery within AgentSpace. So you can see a lot of agent. I promise I wouldn't talk products and features the whole time. So I want to bring the focus back to business value and really focus on what are the tangible use cases, examples and ROI. I want to just take a look at one mental model of how we're thinking about value drivers for AgentSpace. In essence, what benefits can you expect if you adopt AgentSpace at your organization? The first one is employee efficiency improvements. This is the obvious one. How can my employees do more with less time? Imagine an expense agent that now aggregates your receipts automatically, uploads them, does the data entry, submits the request for approval. Now expenses go from 20 to 30 minutes to one to two minutes. Now that's real impact. That's real value. Number two is business P&L growth. How can we increase revenue or drive down costs or even both? Can we have an agent that helps reduce the cost of servicing our customers? Can we have an agent that helps us manufacture products at a lower cost? And then the third one I think is a particularly critical one, business outcome, acceleration. Every week, every month, I'm seeing a new record broken in terms of fastest company to this many users, fastest company to 100 million in revenue. Like the pace is just, it's crazy, the pace that we're really operating under. So I think speed and pace is a differentiator. Can we use an agent that helps us incorporate the latest model into our production product? It helps with the integration of the model, it helps with the eval. So that third one is all about acceleration. And then the fourth one, strategic competitive advantage. How can we use agents to find novel ways? How do we keep up with the technological change and the business change? How do we keep up with the pace of change? It's really hard even as a product manager focused in technology to keep up with all the pace of change. Can we have an agent that allows us to actually synthesize and take all that information that we really can as humans? Can we have an agent that's running thousands of simulations and really is helping us identify angles that we wouldn't have thought of previously? So that's a little bit of framework and a little bit of context setting. I want to, I'm going to turn things over to Fabio. He's going to bring things to life and actually tie some tangible use cases and metrics and examples. Fabio. Good afternoon. It's a pleasure and honor to be here. Thank you, Stuart and Zreed for allowing us to be part of this journey. And I'm going to talk to you and walk to you about a little bit of our journey towards adopting AgentSpace. But before I talk about this journey, just want to give you some context about Banco BV. We're a bank from Brazil. We have a broad operation, 6.7 million customers, and we operate in retail, wholesale, and also we offer our banking infrastructure as a service to our digital partners. And so we have many customers, many types of customers, and we serve these customers with credit offers and services across many channels, physical, digital, B2B, B2C, B2B, B2C. So that gives a little bit of a context. When we're looking for a solution, any solution, we're trying to be as flexible as possible and also to cover all of those use cases that come from a diverse business. And how do we do that with data? So I lead the data and AI practice at BV. And what we try to do first is define data. For us, data is not a team, it's not a table, it's not an AI algorithm. Data is a capability. And our goal is to spread this capability across the whole company. We want the whole company to be able to use data, extract value from data, and generate insights and value. So we implemented a federated model where we have a central team and 22 teams that are spread across the company. That allows us to generate ideas, to generate more and more value from and extract value from data, because the teams that are trying to use data, they are within the context of business. So currently, we have more than 300 curated ideas. 70 of those are being developed as we speak. Those are 300 ideas for AI usage. And of those 300 ideas, 150 are Gen AI suitable ideas. But as everyone here knows, you cannot talk about AI if you don't have sound data to apply to the AI on. Otherwise, it's just curiosity, right? It's just a laboratory stuff. So we implemented, with Google's support, a new modern platform where we serve more than 1,000 internal customers that produce data products on a recurring basis. And when you combine the federated model with our data platform, we get to see value, extract value from our data. Currently, we have 400 use cases with AI in production, and we measure the value of that. Since we started measuring 1.5 billion NPV in reais, and just last year alone, 500 million reais. So it's a lot of value. We can extract and use data. But when you talk about generative AI, we have a solid foundation, have policies, we have security, but we're still in the initial phase. It's a different technology. It's different from the traditional AI, where you usually have one use case for one specific business problem. And when we talk about Gen AI, it's broader, it's a little bit different, and we're in early ways of adopting. And that's why we think agent space could be a game changer. And game changer in terms of accelerating the adoption in the company. So this is our perspective. There is a business context. We have a broad business, broad opportunities. With a technological context also, we're trying to adopt a new technology with safety. It's regulated. It's a banking context. And we're trying to balance both. And that's what we wanted to do when we were talking about adopting agent space. Balancing both contexts and validating that. And when we get there, when we started talking about using agent space, we're trying to think, well, what are our priorities? And just a side note, to me, when we talk about generative AI, there is a new solution every week, every day. And we are always with new offers and things that are promising to change the whole world. So are we going to try to evaluate everything, everywhere, all at once? Is that what we're going to do? Or every LLM, every business case, everything? No. We wanted to do something more focused. Something where we could really define a few key KPIs where we could, mostly, most importantly, assess that there is value in the usage of this platform. And value could be broad. It could be what's valuable to me. It could be not valuable to you. And so we defined value as three questions. So the first question is, can we leverage? This is a tech context question. It's, can we leverage our current assets and maintain our current levels of security and governance? This is a bank. We needed to make sure that the technology is safe. And as my boss is here, not another migration boss. It's okay. So when you talk about the capabilities of agent space, it has, straight out of the box, the ability to connect with many of the tools in our technology stack. And we don't need to do a migration. We just do a connection. The data and security stays where they are. And we're able to create that in our proof of value. The second question, and that's really close to and really important what we're talking today in new ways of working, is can we learn? And can we learn? Not only can we learn, but can we learn fast? Can we learn new ways of working faster? Can we create space for the teams to innovate? Create. That's what it's all about. And the way we're approaching it is not as regularly we would approach a new tool. We're approaching it as a startup would. And that's why I'm borrowing from Eric Rice, The Lean Startup Book. And the definition that he brings about a startup, it's a human institution in an uncertain environment. We are in an uncertain environment. Lots of changes, lots of variability. And this is not about the tool. It's about humans adopting the tool. And another framework that's inside this book that's very powerful is that for you to evolve, you need to learn. And the way he proposes the learning method is you start with ideas. So those 300 ideas that we have. You bid up products. You measure with data. And then you learn. That's what they call validated learning. In here, that's what we're trying to do. And that's one of the superpowers of generative AI that's not as talked about. It's the ability to get things into production fast and learn fast. Okay? And sometimes getting something to production and not having a successful outcome, it's okay because you're learning. You're learning what works and what doesn't work. And what did we do in our proof of value? We started with three ideas. But once we started showing the tool and onboarding the teams with Agent Space, those three ideas became 10 ideas. In the space of three weeks, we're able to get 10 use cases into production. And to me, the most wonderful number in the slides, not the 10 or the 3, sorry. It's the 30 here. We got 30 new ideas. That tells us that the cycle of learning is happening. That it's enabling the teams to think of new ways of working. Improving what they do. And we try to do use cases from a broad perspective. So, searching, trying to summarize things, actually getting inside the underwriting credit cycle. And seeing if it would be more productive. Which leads us to our third question. Is, did productivity increase? And what we saw is out of those 10 use cases that were done in three weeks, we were able to get five of them were successful. And those five that were successful, the average productivity increase was 3.4 times. Meaning, in the same amount of time where you do one process run, you are now doing 3.4 process runs on average. Some cases more productive. Some cases a little bit less. But that's the average. And just in three weeks, we gained 5,000, estimated 5,000 hours per year in employee productivity. If you think that an employee works, if you assume an employee works 2,000 hours per year, we just gained in three weeks two and a half new employees without needing to hire one. And that amounts to 10% global increase in productivity. So, very powerful results in a very short time. And that's what led us to decide to adopt and scale, start to scale agent space. And before I hand it over to Zri, who's going to present us with a few use cases from other, with other types of applications and an actual demo, I'd like to leave with one final word for you. I've been in the industry for 25 years. Never seen, as also Stuart mentioned, we've never seen this rate of change. And it's like a wave coming at us. And we can wait for the wave to hit us, or we can surf the wave. So, thank you very much. Thank you for your time. Thank you, Fabio, for highlighting those use cases that you have leveraged agent space for so that you can surf those waves. Hi, everyone. One, what I'd like to share is more use cases that you can leverage at your own business. And I'll talk about them in three broad use cases and categories. Number one is individual employee. These are tasks that you and me perform every day, like email, calendar management, and so on. Second is company-wide tasks. So, these are use cases that apply to broad workforce, like new employee onboarding, travel, and so on. Third is function-specific use cases. These are departmental tasks that apply to sales, marketing, and so on. Let's double-click on the first one, individual employee. Let's talk about email search. We all receive those dreaded long email threads with absolute no context. You can leverage agent space to summarize that, generate a response, and email it right from within agent space. Calendar. You can use it to schedule, cancel meetings, and even summarize your meeting notes. Retrieval tasks. You have those Word documents, Excel sheets, spread across different sources, right, like SharePoint, Salesforce. You can find all of those documents quickly from within agent space. And additionally, someone sends you that too-long-to-read document in Word. You can summarize that as well. And last but not the least, you can use it for your research tasks. So, imagine you're coming up with a new product idea, but you have your Word, Excel, PDF, spread across the board. What you can do is you can upload all of those documents and chat with AI and even use Notebook LM for Enterprise to generate audio summaries. And talking about value drivers that Stuart was mentioning, we see cost reduction, employee retention, and faster decisions as key value drivers for individual employee use cases. Moving on to company-wide. Knowledge-based search. You can connect to Salesforce, to SharePoint, to ServiceNow, and you can ask questions on your policies, questions on your processes, which goes to several approvals, and get those answers quickly. HR processes. Again, you have that long-awaited vacation that you want to take. You can connect to Workday, and with a click, take that vacation or raise an HR ticket. Travel. Here, I want to ask you all a question. How many of you have to go do your expense report after Cloud Next? Yeah. And then, imagine how many of you have to do a long, tedious travel and still do these expense reports. Right? So, that is where you can leverage agents within agent space to automate these expense reports and even book your next travel or the next Cloud Next. IT support. You can connect to ServiceNow and get your troubleshooting questions answered for your laptop or file that ServiceNow incident by taking an action within agent space. And finally, function specific. Note, marketing and sales are revenue-generating value drivers, whereas R&D and HR reduce risk. And talking about marketing, you see some very interesting use cases. Marketers can use it to analyze customer feedback, sentiment analysis. They can use it to analyze their ad campaign performance and even use it to generate new content using Imagine model to generate images or videos using our new VO model. Sales can use it to create very custom and detailed customer profiles so that they can better qualify leads and generate tailored sales material so that they can close that deal. Moving on to R&D. Developers can connect to GitLab, GitHub, so that they can optimize code performance as well as generate those test cases and those documents because most of us engineers do not want to write documents. And then moving on to HR. As you're hiring new folks, you can use agent space to automate job descriptions and even get guidance on ever-changing HR policies. There's a lot more departments here, which we haven't covered. But then Fabio did a good job at covering some of the finance use cases. But then we can also see some more use cases in legal and operations and so on. With that, enough slides. Let me show you a demo with a specific use case example. In this scenario, I'm a salesperson working at a financial services company. And what you see here is the employee homepage powered by agent space. Now, I want to get started with a question. But I'm going to use the clipboard instead of typing it to save us all some time in this demo. Now, as a salesperson, I want to know what does my sales performance look like? I'm going to ask that question right here within agent space. And I see an answer from agent space across all the data sources that I have access to, like SharePoint, Salesforce, and more. All of this information is ranked and blended to give me a summarized answer. And as I scroll down, you can see that the information is presented in multiple formats, a table, a graph, and so on. But one thing that caught my attention is I'm not very close to my targets by looking at this bar graph. But I see that there is an opportunity to cross sell. It's very close. Okay. Let's see if there's any customers that I can cross sell. And to do that, I'll leverage agent space. Let me go ahead and ask that question. And I already see a few customers listed out here. In addition, I can also click on citations to see that everything's grounded on enterprise data, like SharePoint, Salesforce, and more. This is great. Now I want to go ahead and email to ACME CARP, the first customer listed here. I can ask agent space to draft an email for me and even ask them for a meeting. And when I do that, notice it connects to Outlook and generates this interface so that I can verify the email address, the content, so that I can send an email right from within agent space. With that email sent, I want to get ahead of the meeting and do some customer research. For that, again, I'm going to rely on agent space to run a research report on ACME. For this, I'm going to leverage the deep research agent that is available within agent space. And also, I want to make sure the right sources are accessible to that agent. Notice it has access to Google search results along with our enterprise data sources so that it can blend both of that information and give me my research report. This is great. I'm going to go ahead and run that report. And when I do that, the agent came back with a research plan with a series of steps. This is great. I'm going to go ahead and start this research. Now, the agent is executing on each of these tasks. It's looking both at our enterprise data as well as Google web results and then blending both of that to give me a research report. And there you have it. I have ACME Corp's business model, operational challenges, so that I can cross-sell much better within that meeting I'm going to have. But you know what? I'm not much of a reader. I'm a listener. And if you're like me, we also have an audio summary generated by ADI. So let me go ahead and play it. Okay, so welcome to another deep dive. And today we are going to try to unpack this pretty extensive actually research report on ACME Corp. Yeah, I think just glancing at some of this material, it seems like there's going to be a lot to unpack. Yeah, there is. There's a lot. Just to give everyone listening a quick overview. Right off the bat, ACME Corp isn't just making one type of car. They actually have four different automotive brands. I'll pause there so that we don't run over the next session. And I also know there's a show after this session. Now, there's one more thing. You can turn this entire report into a presentation. And this goes through our company templates and creates this slideshow so that I can edit it and be well prepared for my customer meeting. Now, notice three things that helped me in my sales workflow. Number one, I was able to identify customer opportunities across multiple data sources as a salesperson. Number two, I was able to draft and send an email without switching my context. Number three, I was able to generate customer research report by leveraging an AI agent, which usually takes hours if not days. And all of that saved time I can spend with customers closing deals. And again, back to value drivers, here you can see it unlocked operational efficiency as well as business P&L growth because these are revenue generating activities. Now, this is one example use case, but you can enable a lot more use cases with Agent Gallery. We have expert agents built by Google, agents that can be built by your organization, leveraging the agent development kit, or any of your employees can build an agent with our no-code agent designer. That was a short demo. Now, let's go back to slides. Can we go back to slides? Can we go back to slides? Oh, there it is. All right. All right. So, summarizing what you have just seen in the demo and how Agent Space is unique. Number one, it offers Google quality search and AI across all your systems, whether these systems are internal or external to Google suite of apps, right? This could be SharePoint, Salesforce, Outlook, as you've seen. Second, it respects access controls that you have set up on your third-party systems automatically. Third, it blends in Google web results with your own enterprise data sources. And then you have multimodal AI with state-of-the-art models, like Imagine to generate your images, VO to generate your videos. Third, it's a single destination for all agents in your enterprise, whether it's pre-built by Google or agents you have built yourself using the agent development kit, or agents built using our no-code designer. All of this is on top of enterprise-grade security and compliance. All right. All right. But let's take a step back and see how businesses have evolved with technology. And similar to the analogy of telephone that Stuart was mentioning earlier, we started with pen and paper. Then we have computer software, which automated some parts of the business. Then came web software, which connected all of the businesses together. With task-specific AI, with some of the examples given by Fabio with traditional AI systems, we were able to automate specific tasks for specific domains. And then came with the advent of generative AI, AI assistants that assisted employees with broad tasks. And now we are in the agentic era, which is not just about automating tasks. It is about unleashing new levels of creativity like you've seen with the deep research agent. But what does all of this mean for us, the human institution, as Fabio was mentioning earlier? We believe it's going to create amplified employee impact. That means sales spends time with customers closing instead of data entry. Support resolves complex issues. HR spends time developing talent. And developers build new features faster. And with all of these changes, the whole is going to be greater than the sum of the parts, with businesses delivering a lot more value for all of us here. Welcome to the future of work with AgentSpace. Thank you.