 . By the time you leave this room today, you're going to see Google Maps platform in a completely new light. For the first time ever, we are making our Google Maps data available to you so that your businesses can drive environmental and economic impact. Hi, everyone. Welcome and thank you for joining us here today. My name is Erica Yamasaki, a group product manager on the Google Maps platform. And I'm joined here with my colleagues Henrik and Greg. We are excited to share with you the latest innovation and developments for geospatial analytics brought to you by Google Maps platform, Earth Engine, and BigQuery. The geospatial analytics market has been rapidly evolving, due in part to three key trends. First, the sheer power of analytics tools that are available to us in the market means that we can truly analyze massive amounts of scale, massive amounts of data on a planetary scale. And second, everything is becoming hyperlocalized. AI is transforming localization, making it easy to automate complex tasks, to drill down into granular level insights at every location. And by automating these workflows, you and your businesses can free up essential time to focus on key strategic decisions. And lastly, Gen.AI is removing the technical hurdles and the specialized expertise once associated with geospatial analytics. Anyone is able to use Gen.AI to ask sophisticated questions about geospatial data and actually understand the answers. These trends are advancing geospatial analytics faster than ever before. And there's a plethora of different tools and capabilities available in the market to analyze this data. Yet, we hear from our customers that they face significant challenges. For instance, retailers and real estate companies, they want to be able to understand what is the best location to open their next door. But the data that they have often lacks the coverage or the detailed attributes they need for their analysis. Or let's take infrastructure operators like the Department of Transportation. They want to be able to use commercial imagery to be able to assess the locations and the conditions of their assets. But the imagery they have available to them often lacks deep LIDAR understanding, multiple angles, and labeling to understand what those assets are. And let's not forget public sector and road authorities. They want to reduce traffic congestion and prevent accidents by integrating real-time traffic data into their workflows and forecast future conditions. But the existing solutions that they have available to them are costly or lack the necessary coverage to be able to make efficient and necessary decisions. At the core of these examples, we hear two common frustrations time and time again. First, finding the right data that they need is time and resource consuming. And second, integrating different data sources with different data definitions, data schemas, requires so much time preparing and transforming that data. This is time taken away that could otherwise be spent on your valuable analysis. There is a clear need for reliable and robust data. And this is where Google Maps Platform comes in. With 2 billion monthly active users and millions of apps and experiences built on top of our data, developers have been relying on Google Maps Platform data for over 20 years. And why is this? It's because our maps team for this past two decades have been spending countless amounts of time and energy curating, collecting, and building a rich data set of geospatial data from a diverse range of sources. This includes street view imagery. We capture over 280 billion street view images from over 100 countries on every continent. And we analyze billions of imagery from street view overhead, satellite, aerial, to be able to understand and detect when a change happens in the world. And we also use this imagery to be able to automatically draw over 1 million kilometers of road segments all across the globe. And it's not just our imagery data. It's also our deep partnerships with partners and merchants. We have over 10,000 relationships with over 10,000 data providers and local agencies and government authorities. As well as an active community of over 500 million active contributors. It is really this unique blend of AI at planetary scale, trusted partnerships, and community validation that are the key ingredients to drive the quality and comprehensive Google Maps data that we have. At Google, we have a commitment to be able to provide accurate and comprehensive and a truly living model of the real world. Let me give you a couple of examples of what this commitment looks like in practice. For places, you can access over 200 million businesses and establishments all over the world. And this data is continuously updated so that you know what's open and what's changed. And let's talk about our routes. We have extensive route planning. And this is not only just to get you from point A to point B, but we also integrate real-time traffic data from over 200 countries and territories. This real-time understanding is essential if you are trying to manage deliveries, optimize logistics, or if you're simply trying to navigate between... If you're simply trying to navigate are increasingly complex and dynamic cities. And for over 15 years, Google Earth Engine has offered over 90 petabytes of satellite imagery and geospatial data sets to the data science community. This includes planetary scale data on methane leak detection, air quality, sustainable sourcing, climate risk and projections. Previously, Google Maps platform was limited to developers, building user experiences in their own applications and websites. And Earth Engine was most useful for data scientists with GIS and remote sensing expertise. Today, we are integrating the data sets from Google Maps platform, as well as the data sets and capabilities from Earth Engine, and making them directly available within BigQuery. We are putting vast amounts of geospatial intelligence directly into the hands of decision makers and data analysts. All within the familiar BigQuery environment, and making use of Google's advanced AI capabilities. You can drive business and sustainable decisions by slimlessly blending these location insights with your regular business data, all in a familiar user experience. So today, I am thrilled to announce a portfolio of rich, easy to use geospatial capabilities and data sets all available within BigQuery. First, the preview of imagery insights. We are enabling telcos, utilities, and public sector to be able to access large-scale remote sensing and AI-powered insights from street view imagery. This is going to transform operations and decision making. Next, I want to announce the preview of Places insights, which gives access to our rich and comprehensive points of interest data and makes it available directly within BigQuery using data clean rooms. This allows retails and real estate companies to be able to use this information to define the optimal location for their store. Next, the preview of Earth Engine in BigQuery. This provides over 20 Earth Engine data sets directly into BigQuery. And we're also releasing a new geography function to make it easy for you to extract insights from that imagery data. And last but not least, the preview of roads management insights. This enables public sector and road authorities to improve road network conditions for efficiency and safety, all using data-driven insights. These launches will now allow you to answer questions such as, where should my company invest in its next-door location? How do I optimize the operations and maintenance of my critical infrastructure? How do we build truly transparent and sustainable global supply chain? These answers and more are now available and answerable directly within BigQuery. These product launches today, they are just the first crucial step to tackle real industry challenges with fresh geospatial data. But this is just the beginning. Our vision is to enable professionals from any industry to make better and faster decisions with Google's fresh geospatial data, powerful cloud computing, and AI-ready data analytics tools. We're committed to helping you drive faster and more sustainable business decisions. And we are so excited to embark on this future with all of you. So, now let's dive into some of these different products and talk a little bit about how they solve some of these key customer problems. On your story, yeah, which can be obvious as well. In that other turn, you might have probably more forms within your wants now, we never know. What's the answer answer to aiS 번째 and Fernando sj batches. On your energy stages of energy and the team, eh, most everyone seems to have影� og and跟大家. For the last is the ultimate solution. Support those routes they can describe as other solutions community that´s use make use. And then, by your mind, let me know what I mean before. This is something that I am offering right now that I'm in the next- Marg根. ist a useful follower of applications in AI-development. have. Yet businesses and data analysts would benefit from being able to leverage this raster-derived insights to be able to quantify how things have changed within the world. So we wanted to bridge this gap by making vector and raster data all available in one place and make it available to the broader SQL community so that you can derive insights from both. So today we're announcing Earth Engine and BigQuery. This is an extension of BigQuery's existing geospatial capabilities and allows you to securely combine your data with geospatial imagery data right inside BigQuery. And with this, it allows you to derive sustainability insights from this imagery data without having advanced remote sensing or GIS expertise. And with this launch, I have two exciting updates. First, we are announcing a new geography function, STRegionStats. This allows you to extract statistical insights from imagery data within specified geographic boundaries. And second, we are making Earth Engine's vast data set and catalog of analysis-ready geospatial data sets directly available within BigQuery. And you can also bring your own Earth Engine data sets and assets into BigQuery for processing. With this, we want to make it easy to find and access the data that you need. Our goal is to power a variety of use cases, including climate risk and resilience, sustainable sourcing, air quality and methane. With Earth Engine and BigQuery, data analysts in industries such as consumer packaged goods, agriculture, energy can access this planetary-scale data in BigQuery to make better and faster sustainability decisions. Poor data quality and freshness also often hinders effective decision-making for our road authorities and public sector. To address this challenge, let's dive deeper into road management insights. As you all know, roads are the arteries of our cities and communities. They connect people, businesses, and essential services. Yet they also present significant challenges. First, road safety. The human cost of road safety is staggering. Globally, over 1 million preventable deaths and over 50 million injuries happen every single year. And accidents are a leading cause of PTSD and have profound economic impact. Second, network efficiency. All of us in this room know what it's like to sit in traffic and all the wasted time spent that could otherwise be spent doing more productive things. And third, the environmental impact. transportation networks are one of the leading contributors to greenhouse gas emissions and air pollution. These critical issues demand a smarter solution. And so to address the complex challenges faced by modern road networks today, we are announcing Road Management Insights. This new initiative is aimed to empower the vital organizations that are tasked with keeping our roads safe, efficient, and sustainable. And we are collaborating with a wide range of partners. For instance, cities and regions of all sizes from large metropolitan areas to smaller urban centers. We're partnering with public and private road authorities, those who oversee critical infrastructure like our transportation network and public spaces. And we're also partnering with public sector organizations who manage urban development, infrastructure, infrastructure planning, and the delivery of services. And by equipping these organizations with data-driven insights, Road Management Insights aims to help tackle the complexities of managing modern road networks and hoping to build a better transportation future for everyone. So how does Road Management Insights help deliver on this goal? Well, at its heart, Road Management Insights leverages the rich and comprehensive road information and integrates it into modern analytics workflows. And it helps achieve this in two crucial ways. First, for long-term, smarter strategic planning. Road Management Insights allows authorities to pinpoint reoccurring congestion and reoccurring accident hotspots. It helps you identify and pinpoint road network bottlenecks. And also, it helps you understand how traffic flows and how that shifts every day, throughout the week, and even across seasons. And this granular level of insights allows you to make smarter infrastructure decisions and implement proactive measures so that you can fix problems before they disrupt traffic. And second, Road Management Insights helps to take immediate action in the moment. It provides powerful real-time monitoring based on live data and sophisticated algorithms to detect unusual events when they happen. This might be sudden unexpected traffic surges, sudden road closures, or potential accident. And by giving these insights to managers, they have instant access and awareness of what is happening across their entire network. And using this, they can then enable decisive and swift responses in the moment, such as adjusting traffic signals, deploying essentialist services, or even alerting your drivers about nearby hazards. And this is all aimed to minimize the disruptions and keep traffic moving smoothly across your networks. And with this, we hope to help create more safer and efficient road networks. Now, I want to switch gears and talk about some of the problems faced by retail and real estate companies when it comes to accessing fresh geospatial data. So if you're a retail or real estate company, one of the biggest business decisions you probably will face will be where to expand to next. This might be which geographic market to enter into, or the optimal placement of your next service, facility, or store. A key consideration into this decision is understanding the competitors, players within that landscape, as well as what are the businesses that are already existing nearby. But what we keep hearing from our customers is that they find it difficult to find and use the data that they need. They struggle to find the right data that has the coverage, accuracy, and the specific attributes that they need for their analysis. And the data that they need for their analysis. And the data that they might find may not be complete, validated, or even freshly updated. And on top of that, relying on data from multiple data providers really complicates your analysis. You have to deal with inconsistencies in data schemas, data duplication. And all of this means spending more and more time preparing and transforming your data. And this frustration and overhead detracts from time that could otherwise be spent extracting the key insights and making the important decisions that you need. So, we are excited to announce Places Insights to help customers tackle these frustrations. We are making available access to Google's rich and comprehensive POI data directly within BigQuery, including a breadth of attributes such as wheelchair accessibility, parking information, payments, store hours, store ratings, and much more. And you can access this via BigQuery's data cleanrooms so that you can feel confident about securely combining your data with Google's rich POI data, as well as other third-party data sets available in BigQuery's data marketplace. With Places Insights, you can derive aggregated location insights, such as what is the density of nearby places, or what is their average star rating. And by making it available in BigQuery, you can analyze data at any scale. And you can also harness the power of the broader cloud and BigQuery ecosystem and tools. Places data set includes nearly 300 place types and over 70 attributes. That allows you to really tailor your analysis to your specific business needs and goals. And this data is regularly updated on a monthly basis, so you can feel confident that you're getting the freshest insights. This allows you to answer questions such as, how many four-star sushi restaurants are there open at 4 p.m. on a Wednesday and offer takeout and are walking distance from my store? Or what is the average star rating of all of the steakhouses in downtown Las Vegas? With the high quality and rich breadth of Places data, you can gain a deeper understanding of your customers and your markets. You can pinpoint the ideal location of your next store. You can understand how geospatial characteristics correlate to the success of your store's performance. And you can also analyze potential markets as you grow your business. It's one thing to hear about this in words, but seeing is truly believing. I'd like to introduce Henrik, who will allow you to see Places Insights in action. Thank you, Erica. It's great to learn more about geospatial analytical offerings. Now, for this demo, we're going to showcase site selection use case using Places Insights. For this example, I own a chain of coffee shops within the United States, but I don't yet have one in the state of Nevada, where I would like to open up a new location. This is a big investment for my business, so I want to be strategic. Based on my existing coffee shop locations, I know that they perform better when they're in an area with a high density of restaurants. So I want to find an area that matches this criteria. I also want to take into account population data, so I'm going to use an open data set from the Census Bureau. I'll start by searching the whole state for a county that contains a high number of restaurants. I'm going to use an open data set to retrieve boundary data for the counties of Nevada, and I'll search within these counties for place types of restaurant. I'll join this with the 2023 census population data and create a normalized score for each county between 0 and 1 using min-max normalization. To visualize this data on a map, we will use GeoPandas and write our code in Python in a BigQuery notebook. This allows us to visualize a normalized score on a map. The darker purple color represents area with a higher normalized score, and that means it has a high number of restaurants and population. And we can clearly see that Clark County wins out here. Now, I'd like to zoom in on Clark County. With data I have gathered from operating my restaurants in other locations, I know performance is better when they're nearby a higher density of specific brands, these being 7-Eleven, CVS, Walgreens, Subway, and McDonald's. I'd like to create a heat map over Clark County to identify the regions with a high density of these brands. We will use a public data set to retrieve the zip code boundaries for Clark County and use Places Insights to get the counts of brands. The output of this query is a list of zip code geometries with the requested count of brands. We have also included a total count column in the output. We can then visualize this data using a heat map. We do this by creating a heat map layer on the centroid of the zip code geometry using the query and visualizing against the total count column. From this, it looks like Las Vegas contains a high density of the brands that we are interested in. So, it looks like I want to open my coffee shop within Las Vegas, but let's decide on where. In these query excerpts, we are going to look at a few more place types. I'm requesting the count of restaurants, convenience stores, bars, tourist attractions, and, of course, casinos, and we'll use a function to request tiles across the city of Las Vegas. Tiles can be created in a variety of ways. For example, you could use a utility to request S2 cells instead. I'm adding an additional opening hours filter to my query to return places that are open from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. Because these are the core hours for my existing locations, and I want to ensure that the locations I'm looking for are open during these times. I've also added a weighting to each business type to reflect how important they are on a scale of 1 to 10. With this, I will define a suitability score for each tile. If I had additional proprietary data I wanted to include, I could do that here. This suitability score is then normalized to be between 1 and 10. When we visualize this output on a map, the darker purple tires represent areas with a higher normalized suitability score. Hovering over the tiles shows a tooltip with the normalized suitability score and the individual counts for the place types we are interested in for each tile. There are some clear winners here with areas near the strip and downtown Las Vegas standing out as potential good locations for our coffee shop. Now we have some clear winning locations for our coffee shop. We may want to further visualize what types of coffee shops are within the highest scoring tiles so I can assess the local competition. We can write some Python code to first extract the top five tiles with the highest normalized suitability score. The geometry of these tiles can then be used to call places aggregate API, filtering on coffee shops to retrieve the place IDs for all the coffee shops within the tiles. The place ID is a unique identifier for individual place or establishment. Finally, we'll use these place IDs to call place details API to retrieve the latitude and longitude for the coffee shops and visualize their locations on a Google map. In addition to the data generated by places insights, you can now see the coffee shop locations for the top five tiles with the highest suitability score. Zooming in, it looks like one of the top five tiles has a relatively low number of coffee shops. This could be an ideal place to open up the first location of my coffee shop chain within Nevada. This is just the start of what you can do with places insights. By combining your own data with insights from our places data, you can make better, more informed business decisions about places and locations. This is just one of the many things Google Maps platform has to offer. Now, I will hand off to Greg to talk about another data set that is available starting today. Thank you, Henrik. It's very exciting to see the amazing work happening across geospatial analytics, specifically on places insights. It will be exciting to follow the impact this product has on helping businesses make more informed decisions going forward. Now, let's get into imagery insights. As sensing technology continues to improve and scale along with powerful compute and breakthrough AI, we are on a path to an evergreen digital understanding of the physical world that is accurate, semantically rich, and predictive. However, today's infrastructure operators have faced challenges to scale the impact and benefits from this continued tech advancement. For that matter, truck rolls are still a primary means of collecting data, from basic inventory questions to just-in-time information for real-time decision-making. After spending time with these operators, we have identified three critical challenges that have created headwinds to scaling impact in this area. First, operators have found it difficult to capture and analyze sensor data. It can be costly, time-consuming, and error-prone. Second, scaling up collection and analysis programs proves difficult when it is not a core competency of the company. Third, maintaining an up-to-date, evergreen understanding of the infrastructure continues to be a struggle. So, to address these challenges today, we're announcing the restricted experimental launch of Imagery Insights, a new category of imagery datasets, which enables you to streamline operations, improve workflows, and make smarter decisions about your infrastructure. Imagery Insights is enabled by large-scale remote sensing collection, sophisticated geodata processing, and AI-powered insights from Google Maps imagery. Our first imagery insights is from a dataset we all know and love, Street View. Starting with this dataset, you can identify and assess infrastructure assets like utility poles, road signs, and other physical infrastructure. We have the opportunity to work together as a community to scale the impact and benefits of imagery insights that it can bring to infrastructure operators, cities, and citizens. Here's how it works. Users subscribe to the imagery insights dataset in BigQuery and can complete data inspection and spatial analysis activities. Users can then select a compute service, either a notebook, a cloud-run service that enables you to scale horizontally, or a streaming service. Once a compute service is selected, then you can choose the right modeling approach. This is where the flexibility of Vertex AI really shines. You can start out easy with out-of-the-box performance from Gemini within Vertex AI, and then proceed to more complex modeling approaches that you can customize to your specific problem, as well as your performance targets. And that's a big, big, important part of the flexibility. You can even bring this all the way to importing your own existing model that you've developed, and run that against the Street View imagery. The best problem solvers for these infrastructure problems are those closest to that infrastructure. By empowering users with the right data, scalable spatial analysis tools, and advanced AI model and tooling, we can provide the right tools for the job to realize scaled impact. Street View, as Eric has mentioned, has captured a ton of imagery over many countries, something at the scale we would have never imagined when we launched Street View back in 2007. It provides both a 360-degree view and a 3D view, which enables both a semantic and spatially rich understanding of the street-level world. Street View also provides a spatially and temporally diverse data set, which can be used to better extract insights and understand how insights are changing over time. BigQuery allows scaled spatial analysis with a wide range of data sets alongside this Street View data. Just think of the useful analysis that can be done by combining Street View data with a range of data analysis provided by BigQuery, including what Erica showed with Earth Engine, the intersection of infrastructure data and climate data and simulating the impacts of environmental events. The AI magic happens by connecting the Street View imagery data with Vertex AI. This enables users to combine their unique understanding of their own infrastructure with powerful and flexible AI models and tools, like AutoML and Gemini and Vertex. Additionally, third-party ISVs can bring in their existing models and quickly find insights from the Street View imagery data. Much of our physical infrastructure has been deployed over many decades, so there's still a lack of understanding of where all this infrastructure is, if you can believe that. Even if there's an understanding, that understanding may be mixed because the assessment was done over different baselining efforts with different quality control and accuracy outcomes. Using the Street View data set from Imagery Insight, it is now possible to accurately inventory distributed assets deployed out in the wild. A good example is Utility Pulse. They are the unsung hero of our electrical grid. There are many of them out there. They're loaded with telecom and electrical equipment that supports distribution of electricity and communications. But by using this data set, you can find the accurate location of each pole itself, and then using Vertex AI, you can subclassify that attached equipment to get a solid understanding of what's actually attached to that pole. Maybe you're trying to find a specific model of equipment that has a known safety issue and is up for replacement. You now have up-to-date records of where that equipment's at, and you can then plan out your maintenance intervention in a cost and timely fashion. Maintaining our transportation infrastructure is also a vital job. That is a continuous and ongoing operation. Streamlining infrastructure assessment and maintenance will create a more sustainable operating model for DOTs. Let's look at road signs. By using the rich Street View data and imagery insights, users are able to find road signs, assess the current condition, and have the access to historical data so they can make predictions about when the road sign may need to be replaced. This can reduce the guesswork, which is how it's done today, and reduce the truck rolls, thereby optimizing all their maintenance investments. Let's walk through a demo of how this all works. We will go through three steps. First, we will explore the structure detection data with BigQuery. Second, we will analyze the imagery with Vertex AI. And finally, we will inspect the results via Looker visualization. We start the journey by inspecting the data within BigQuery. Here you can see the list of asset detections of road signs, including the location information, a quick view of the image observations associated with that detected asset. And I also want to call out here that providing an accurate location of an asset from a camera system from a moving vehicle is no small feat. We spent a significant amount of engineering effort over the years to do this really, really well and consistently. And so you will all benefit from this significant engineering effort on our part. Using BigQuery, we can look deeper at the detection data. The query on the left joins together the track location data with the image observation data, which are different images from the different street view car positions as well as street view runs, giving you both a historical and angular diverse view of that particular asset. The query on the right is for selecting all the observations given a track ID and determining how many images are available on a per track basis. This gives you a good understanding of what the data looks like that you're going to be using in your modeling activity. After data inspection within BigQuery, we then use Gemini and Vertex AI to analyze the imagery and refine our understanding of the detected assets. This is a prompt which uses Gemini to classify and understand the road signs. It is used to understand the road sign type, such as a stop sign, a yield sign, as well as the condition and other issues associated with the road sign. After the analysis is done using that prompt, the data is stored in a BigQuery table. We then pull from that table to visualize the assets via Looker visualization, including a Google map, and then the Gemini analysis results are accessible through that interface. After we visualize all the assets on the map, we want to dig deeper into a specific asset. In this case, we're looking at a specific road sign, and we're asking Gemini to give us a more detailed view of what's happening at that road sign location. We want to understand what the physical damage is, what are the maintenance recommendations, and we also are pulling information from other Maps APIs, like the Places APIs. And as you can see in this particular example, the sign has beat up pretty bad. Maybe it's in Texas. I don't know. And as you can see, Gemini recommends replacing the sign based on all the condition issues. So by leveraging Google's geospatial analytics data sets integrated into BigQuery, you can enable key business and sustainability decisions, such as how to optimize your operations and maintenance of infrastructure, enable sustainable sourcing with global supply chain transparency, and improve road safety and reduce congestion and much more, as others have covered. Together, we invite you to discover how Google can help you unlock the power of geospatial data and drive meaningful impact for your business and the world. simulations, which will also work best by stations, we have snowing right now write a cathShifs. com that train trigger on fulfillment through real things that you can get out of the marketplace, makes the merge really hard and connect your businessер be and to personal around the world. And whether your business happens in beau