 Hello, I'm Nathan Friedman, Co-President and Chief Marketing Officer at Understood.org. I've had the privilege of joining a fireside chat with Caprit Kaur, the Head of Accessibility and Product Innovation for Google Workspace. We discussed how Google AI is supporting neurodiversity, why it should be a priority for businesses, and our shared personal experiences as neurodivergent leaders. First, a bit about Understood. Understood is a leading nonprofit with a mission to support the 70 million people in the United States with learning and thinking differences so they can thrive at home, school, and everyday life. 20 million people rely on Understood each year. They use our website, content, our AI-powered assistant, our social media and podcast network to build confidence and find community and be a better advocate for themselves as well as other neurodivergent family members. So what is neurodiversity, you might ask, and why does it matter? Well, neurodiversity refers to the variation and diversity of how the brain processes information. About one in five people globally identify as neurodivergent, which includes learning and thinking differences such as ADHD and dyslexia, as well as autism spectrum disorder. Many people also identify with the community but don't quite or don't have a formal diagnosis as it's challenging to get one later in life. This population is large, smart, creative, and influential, but has long been overlooked by employers and brands. And that's a huge miss and should be changing today. Why? Why? Well, number one, it's the spending power of this group. There's more than $1 trillion in disposable income just within the neurodivergent community. And that is a significant opportunity for both brands, consumers alike. Number two, the workforce engagement. Research shows that neurodivergent teams increase innovation when they work together toward problem solving and their increased productivity by working through complex problems. And number three, it is the future. Over 50% of Gen Z identifies as neurodivergent, and Gen Z now outnumbers baby boomers in the workforce. And 80% of Gen Z said they would be more likely to work for a neurodivergent friendly employer. It is the future of work, it's the future of business, and technology has a critical role to play. And now, understood everything we do is built for people by people who learn and think differently. One in three employees understood is neurodivergent, which helps us test technologies that help our community to grow and drive efficiency throughout our own operations. Assistive technologies, especially Google Gemini, have been a success enabler for our entire organization, especially those who are neurodivergent. Let's take a quick look. By empowering neurodivergent employees to play to their strengths, Gemini for Google Workspace has helped with reducing anxiety. My name is Rahul Rao, and I'm one of the co-presidents and chief technology officer here at Understood. We are the lifelong guide for those who learn and think differently. Our mission is to shape the world for difference so that every individual can thrive. So Gemini across Google Workspace in Sheets, Drive, Docs, Gmail has helped us save to the order of hours on any given project. Teams have found themselves working faster and smarter by leveraging the Gemini side panel. It is imperative to us that we set our employees up for success. Gemini, through its accessible nature and the ability to help, for example, a dyslexic employee to be able to craft better emails, we have seen anecdotally a lot of reduction in stress and increase in morale and confidence, and I cannot wait to see what else we can do with it. As you heard, Gemini has helped us reach our business goals by driving efficiency, productivity, and creativity. And it's been empowering for all employees, especially those who identify as neurodivergent, like myself. For instance, one of our dyslexic employees expressed how much more relaxed she feels in meetings knowing that she won't be asked to take notes manually because we use Gemini take notes for me feature. Others have also utilized AI to optimize workflow. The opportunities are limitless. So what should businesses know? Nerdiversity isn't a buzzword or a corporate trend. It's the future, the future of the workforce, the future of consumerism. Embracing this community is not only the right thing to do, it's smart business. So here are three simple ways to leverage AI that support not only neurodivergent colleagues, but ultimately help everyone. Number one, empower people to use AI to jumpstart projects. Break down a task into digestible snaps or develop a list to ask questions. That will help drive efficiency. Number two, focus. Turn on closed captioning and live transcription for virtual meetings. This helps everyone follow along and process in real time. Lastly, use AI and Gemini to drive productivity. Use Gemini to spend, to send post meeting summaries with defined action items. No one will be left wondering about next steps and who owns which tasks. Now you may be surprised at just how much people flourish when you give them the tools and space to be themselves. And for tech leaders and developers, leverage nonprofits, especially Understood, to help learn about and test products for underserved communities. There are so many experts and advocates that would love the opportunity to collaborate and create inclusive and impactful products. Now if you'd like to learn more, please scan these QR codes for more details on workplace accessibility features as well as to learn more about what we're doing at understood.org. Thank you. Thank you.