 Hi there, my name is Matt and I'm going to cover how lean IT teams can achieve enterprise-grade cybersecurity within Google SecOps. There are a number of challenges that face the small and medium business space within cybersecurity overall. We've broken it down to four here around limited security resources, phishing and social engineering attacks, ransomware and malware threats, and cloud security concerns being the top four areas where we see the biggest risk and challenges towards small and medium business space. As we break these down a little bit more, it's important to consider all of the areas, but mostly within limited security resources that small and medium businesses may be subjected to when it comes to limited cybersecurity expertise, smaller team size, potentially smaller tools and budget for those, and how the threat landscape and modern security solutions can be even more complex as we look to the future and evolve our operations. Within that, Mandiant has been part of a lot of different security responses over the years and we gather a lot of data. Our M-Trends report from 2024 actually puts a really great informational level together on attacker incidents and how they've been discovered. In 54% of the incidents that were covered in the 2024 M-Trends report, we did see that incidents were detected by external sources. That other 46% were actually discovered by internal security tools and it really paints a great picture about where we need to have a good convergence by both internal tools and external tools. That goes without saying that with modern threat actors, there's an evolution to their tactics as well and it usually does revolve around evading detection and blending in with the noise in your environment. So all the more reason to have a good combination between how we're detecting incidents and helping security teams that may lack more skilled resources and some of the lacking of exposure to more broad malicious behaviors be able to bring everything together and combine some of those resources, again, between internal and external detection tools. Across the cybersecurity defense functions that we see, we have these six areas where we see improving continuously is paramount to the success of any organization. Mission control is a great foundation and on top of that we can build out unique hunt missions, validation controls for testing and improvement of those security controls, detection and response capabilities to really look after any incident and respond quickly to attacker breaches as well as intelligence that we can put on top of that for collection and application of that to your specific environment. Additionally, we do see seven areas where lean IT teams struggle. We do see a huge issue around noise and data irrelevance. You can be inundated with hundreds if not thousands of different alerts every single day and a lot of these can be irrelevant to your specific environment. That noise can make it incredibly difficult to identify the threats that really truly matter. We also do see issues when it comes to limited action ability that can lead to false negatives, false positives and even more so to wasted resources in those areas. You do need more data but you need clear actionable insights into specific samples, malwares or risks to your organization and in doing so we can avoid missing threats, tool incompatibility as well as save on direct and indirect costs within your organization. legacy SecOps overall we found can't keep up. There's never enough data and context for your operations. Limited attacker insight is usually an issue that comes with understanding really what is the targeted area, who is targeting, why they're targeting and with that we do see more of a manual and complex process to finding those threats and responding to them. Within Google SecOps, Intel and AI powered is really the name of the game here. We work to scale without limits in leveraging Google scale and speed to eliminate the legacy trade-off between the cost, scale and data coverage. Within SecOps you can adjust and analyze a massive amount of data in a scalable and cost effective way. We also really drive intelligence driven outcomes where Google applies its unrivaled threat intelligence and understanding of the threat actors to really help your organization uncover threats without the requirement to implement for intensive custom engineering or anything like that that would essentially inhibit your ability to discover those threats. We also do infuse AI into the productivity side of things where the ongoing cybersecurity talent shortage can sometimes lead organizations with more work than they have the personnel for and with AI we can automate more systems and take valuable time back to the personnel involved with security missions. The expertise behind managed defense covers all these areas but makes up the 24-7 detection and response service across hunts, threat researching, intelligence analysis, as well as security operations and rapid response services too. You put all of that together into your security data and everything looks great within the managed defense portal on top of Google SecOps. You get access to our managed defense consultants, our intelligence reports, incident responders and reverse engineers. As far as how it works across the process here, we enrich all of your data, bring things in with human intelligence and analysis and publish those investigations. Your next steps are exploring modern SecOps, learning about managed detection and response services, as well as getting help from Mandiant after your incident. Thank you. Thank you.