 Hello, I'm Jen Grant. I'm the CMO of Dialpad, and I'm here to talk today about how AI and humans can work together, and how we can use AI to really augment humans, in particular in support, and as your support agents are supporting your customers. So in this first slide I say AI-powered humans, and the reason I say that is because if you look across the internet, everything is AI-powered. AI-powered this product, that product, this platform, this thing, and really what we want to talk about is how are we supporting humans to be better at their jobs. So there are four things we're going to go through. We're going to talk about the evolution of AI in customer experience. We're going to talk about real-world applications. We're going to talk about the future of human and AI collaboration, and then we're going to end with some practical advice, so stick around for that. So digging in, the evolution, where did we come from and where are we going? So back in 2017, even earlier than that, huge LLMs were created by the biggest technology companies, and they were learning from the entirety of the internet. Today, those LLMs are starting to be purpose-built. So in Dialpad's case, we're learning from 9 billion minutes of customer conversations, business conversations in specific. And what that means is all of the LLMs suggestions and generative AI stuff that it does is based on the business conversations that you're having. So it's going to be much more accurate, and it's going to be much more useful. We're also seeing LLMs being more context-aware. So you, as a business, need to know, who is this customer? How big are they? When was the last time they talked to support? What was the last problem that they have? And there's an expectation that all of that information will also be included in the answers that you're getting from your AI tools. Businesses are asking for personalization. When I call into a support center, I want you to know who I am and what my last question was, and I want you to be able to help me quickly. And finally, much higher customer expectations. We have this wonderful set of technology that we can use, and customers know it. They expect us to do it well and to do it right. So let's talk about a real-world application. I love this example because Education First offers academic experiences, travel experiences to students. And so what this means is they are constantly having students and parents calling in to ask about a particular trip they're going on, to ask a parent calling in to ask about how their student is doing. They have a tremendous amount of volume coming in that are calls to their agents. And the agents need to have answers. And the complexity of travel is real. Every single country has different rules. Every academic platform or program has different things that you're going to need to bring with you or not bring with you. All of that complexity, the agent must be able to answer on the phone. So what did they do? They used Dialpad. And Dialpad transcribes every single word, the conversation that the agent is having. And those words trigger cards that pop up and say, Oh, in Vietnam, you need to know these five things. Tell the customer this. And so the agents immediately can onboard faster, help customers faster. They seem much more knowledgeable about the entire world and all of the travel requirements. And that has increased their customer satisfaction from 89% all the way to 97% with all of this activity augmenting their agents. They also have improved their efficiency and they're really loving all the data that they collect afterwards that then the business can sort through and learn from to make their product and their experience better. So let's talk about the future. So let's talk about the future. Where are we going? Proactive insights. Agents are building the empathy, but the AI is handling the routine tasks. So here's our practical advice. Define the problem and the KPIs. And then include your agents and employees. Make sure they're bought in. So theirазi and hair and parents are allowed to be in when they head around and take a look at the company, make sure they're the best part. And again, let's talk about the manifestation and make sure they're enabling nik sync zitten or real fastly, and they're expected using on the technology and sy ClassicGent user. Now the steps that depends on what they stop doing or what we are managing and으면서 GrandeJekity services. So with everyone medical advice, I would love to see if they respond to the consent and person's leadership. And with that, I give you my four practical advice, and I appreciate you listening. Check out dialpad.com and take care.