 Okay. All right. Welcome, everyone. How are we doing? Good. We enjoying next? Yeah. All right. So we're going to get started here. Some audience participation. Who's deep into Spotify here? Come on. Let's get those hands up. I know you're out. There we go. Yeah. I wasn't sure if you were going to be here because you're deep into Spotify or if you were concerned with what we had to say. But either way, we're good with it. So welcome. My name is Umish Ramiri. I'm part of the leadership team at Google Cloud. I lead an organization called Strategic Missions and Partnerships. To remain to this conversation, I'm also the executive sponsor for our relationship with Spotify. And so I am privileged, and we're all privileged, to have my friend Tyson Singer up here to join us today to share a whole bunch of insights that I think are going to be relevant to all of you here in the room. And Tyson is the VP of Technologies and Platforms at Spotify. I think, like many of you as well, I don't know that that title does justice for all the things I know that we've had to deal with together over time. But we're privileged to have Tyson here to join us for this conversation. So welcome, Tyson, and thank you so much. Thanks, Umish. I'll get a little audience participation as well. How many folks are out there who are working for a pre-public startup? Okay. All right. Good. We have the right crew. That's good. All right. All right. And so what we're going to do is we're going to go through sort of a Q&A with Tyson. We're going to reserve a little bit of time at the end for open questions for folks that I'm sure that you will have. And so, Tyson, to kind of kick things off, I think, you know, the context here is we want to talk about the journey to IPO. And we have a few different sections, but I think I want to start a little bit more around sort of leadership risks and jump right into it. So what were some of those biggest risks and uncertainties that were part of Spotify's journey? And I think importantly, how did leadership really come to the table and deal with this? Yeah. So when you're a startup, as you all, I think, know where you are in your companies, you're really focused on going fast. And that means you may not be as focused on, say, having consistent processes across your organization. You may not be as focused on having consistent technology across your organization. And if you're familiar with Spotify's journey, we were a very autonomous culture when we got started, which meant we had a fair amount of variation in a lot of our ecosystem. And when you go public, it becomes very important that you be able to comply with regulations like SOX. So you're going from a state where you've gone fast, you haven't really worried about a lot of things, and being able to isolate your financial portion of your technology ecosystem may not have been your primary concern. So for Spotify, every time you play something on Spotify, that generates a financial transaction in a sense. We have to report that. We have to track that to pay out royalties. And so when you become public, that means if you don't do a good job of that, your CEO goes to jail. That's not good. That is not good. So that's not how to keep your job if you've caused your CEO to go to jail. So part of my responsibility at the time that we went public was to oversee our financial IT or our financial engineering organization that was responsible for this. And so you're going from this state where you've optimized for speed, autonomy, and all that sort of stuff to a state where now you have to have discipline and control over at least a portion of your ecosystem. So I'm going to speak about this from a little bit more of the other part of my role, which is to oversee infrastructure and developer experience. So you need to be able to say when you make changes to your code base that those are validated and they're ITGC compliant. If you have a lot of variety in your continuous integration and your CD processes and how you use your source control system, then that becomes a huge burden on your company as you're trying to go through this process of becoming a validated public company. So this is what sort of we went through. And to be successful, we didn't treat this as like some little IT project that was done on the side. We set up a company bet. That's like our largest level company program to say, like, let's figure out how to go public and ensure that the whole company really got aligned around this process of going public and making sure that that went well. So that's sort of on the leadership side, which is don't think it's just some little IT project. This is a serious project for your whole company. Make it prioritized because you will need to align lots of different functions inside of your organization for that to happen. It wasn't just our financial engineering team that needed to do this. It was the other part of my organization, which was our developer infrastructure and experience teams that needed to make sure the processes all worked. It was our finance team. It was our audit team. It was all these different parts of the organization all needed to be coordinated and in a relatively short order to drive that forward. So one of the things – I'll just pause there. No, that's – I mean, knowing the – I would have a follow-up there. Knowing the culture of Spotify, right, just following up on that one. It's an organization that moves very fast, deep engineering culture from the beginning. So just a little bit more. So how is that received? You're trying to put structure. You're trying to put process. You're trying to introduce all of that. You're trying to lead that. What reflections do you have from that time? Yeah, yeah. So for us, it ended up not being as painful as we thought it was going to be. But there was a particular reason why it wasn't as painful is because we'd already gotten all of our development organization – because these are the folks who hate this stuff the most because they just want to build stuff and go fast. But we've already gotten the development organization aligned around a standardized development process, which meant that they didn't really have to change much. So, you know, you check in code. Someone's going to do a code review of that. And that is part of your ITG safe process. And so automating that and then validating that that's happening was a relatively simple thing for us to layer onto the ecosystem and not really create a huge amount of burden on everybody in the organization. It was also important that we were able to contain that to just the parts of the organization. So most of the company didn't get that burden, and a smaller portion of it got that burden. But even that burden wasn't as good. So that was sort of our, like, backwards-looking lesson that worked out well for us. I don't know that we had that planned. We had a bunch of other reasons for doing that. But, like, if I were to start up my own startup, I would keep that in mind going forward. Yeah. So I'm sure to that point you've had probably a number of ahas, a number of lessons along the way. If you had to sort of pick what really stands out, I think most people will put this at the end. But for all the folks that put their hands up that are pre-IPO and you could say this is the one lesson, the one thing I would say to you, what would that be? Yeah. I think I said it already a little bit, which is what popped into my mind was maybe a little too blunt. I'll say it more nicely. Just get your development process sorted and make sure that that's clean, because then you can go to a modern ITGC concept, which just involves computers, instead of layering in people and people and people to audit all of this. And that's just huge for your organization. And then you don't lose the speed that you become accustomed to as a startup as you become a public company, at least in the parts of the company that matters. And for Spotify, it mattered a lot. Like, that is the core of our business. We need to stream and pay people. So it was a pretty important part. Yeah. So if we stay down that path, let's assume folks kind of get their development process sorted. They're going through the build and kind of prove phase. And then, obviously, Spotify has, we think of it now as having massive scale. But there's this sort of journey to get to scale, you know, that I think is really, you know, interesting. So for more from a technology and architectural perspective, what were the big challenges of trying to come out of that build phase to get to scale? And then key learnings and findings that you can share with the group? Yeah. Well, I mean, I certainly can start with a shout-out to Google. So about the time that we were going public, we were just exiting our primary transition to Google Cloud. So from our on-premise, as we didn't start in the cloud, people think, oh, you're digital native. Well, we started with our own on-prem. And we decided to select Google for that transition primarily on the strength of their data ecosystem. And I think that was true then. We looked across the cloud providers and we said Google is actually the leader in the data ecosystem. They were by far the smallest cloud provider at the time. And we said that's a strength. That has been our challenge then and ever since, our data ecosystem. That's because there's a little bit of this dichotomy that you get with a data ecosystem and how you go about doing things. So at Spotify, we've never really had, like, a central data team. So I have a data infrastructure team that helps us manage and orchestrate our data ecosystem at scale. But we don't have a single data team that owns all the key data sets for the company. And so when you go to the cloud, that opens up so much opportunity for everybody to participate in the data ecosystem. And that leads to data sprawl. And data sprawl is challenging for sure. And so I think that's the starting point of where I would say, like, our biggest challenge is. I can continue to elaborate. No. If you want to jump in. That's great. And from a timing perspective, for those who don't know, and we talk a little bit about the relationship, it's been 10 years. 10 years. 10 years now, right, that Google and Spotify together have been on this journey. And so we have been privileged also to kind of have an inside look at some of these technical challenges. So you talked to – do you have a comment there? I was just going to continue on with, like, okay, so that's the problem. What are the solutions? But that's probably what you're going to ask me. That's exactly what I was getting ready to ask you. So you're on the path. Okay. Yeah. So part of the solutions really were around figuring out how to contain that data sprawl with a number of change management techniques in the organization and programs. And back to your question about, like, what does leadership do there? Yep. So we have this culture of autonomy and a culture of moving fast, probably like a lot of you all out there in your startups, and needing to sort of get control of this in a way that fit with that culture and continue to allow us to scale. So one of the things we did is we kicked off our data – our golden data set program. So when we were starting to experience problems of – from the business saying, like, hey, I'm getting really different answers from different parts of the company. I think this is a super common problem, especially with large enterprises, which hopefully many of you will be someday. But this is a problem that you start to get as you scale up, which is – and it really does undermine your business because you're like, well, this is a key question, and I get different answers from different parts of my ecosystem because they're coming up from different data pipelines and transformations and all that sort of stuff. So there was no sense of, like, what is the real authoritative set of data there. So we instituted, again, sort of a company-wide initiative to align all of our key data sets, not all of the data sets, because we still wanted people to have the flexibility to maneuver and innovate. But we wanted that to be backed by a set of key data sets. And we didn't put those all into a single central data organization, like I mentioned before. We said, where is the sort of the business domain owner in the organization, and you are going to own this on behalf of the rest of the organization, even though there may be other parts of the organization that need to contribute to it in certain ways or are dependent on it. And that creates sort of the starting point for a much healthier lineage in your data ecosystem that can go further on. And then, you know, from a technology perspective, you need a way to understand that data lineage in your ecosystem. And eventually we built out what started as our sort of services-oriented internal developer portal backstage to not only handle our service-oriented ecosystem, but also our data-oriented ecosystem so that you could visualize that and you could nudge folks in your organization towards those golden data sets instead of them just going out and finding something because they know James, they know Joe, and they said this one looks good. They go into a central place when they're looking for something. You have discovery mechanisms that bias people towards those golden data sets, and you can start to get some control over the ecosystem. And just around the golden data sets and sort of those key data sets, give us a sense of kind of time from the time you decided to do that to the time you felt you kind of had that in a place as an organization. What was that like? I'm smiling. From when we started, probably back in 2019 to, I would say, about five years in the future. Yeah. That's what I was looking for. This continuous journey of optimization because you always have that tension even as you get to become a larger organization. Absolutely. So you referenced Backstage. Yep. Just tell us a little bit more about Backstage just as a starting point, and then I have a few questions about it, but just maybe level set the group here on Backstage, what, why. I think it's really critical to the evolution of the organization. Yeah. Yeah. So as we scaled out Spotify, we ended up just we started with what is now called a microservices architecture. That term didn't exist back when we were doing it, which meant we had a lot of very independent runtime components in our ecosystem, which was a great decision. It really allowed us to scale out the service very well. It fit well with our culture of autonomy where folks could just focus on a smaller portion of the ecosystem with fewer dependencies on everyone else. But because we started with that approach, then that did mean there was a lot of more runtime dependencies between the software, but also between the people in the organization. And so if something went wrong, you needed to understand those dependencies in real time and track what those look like. And that resulted in us building a system that eventually became what we call Backstage and what eventually became called Internal Developer Portal. We didn't have that name at the time either, where all of your software ecosystem is in there and something you can sort of visualize and use to manage, discover, and really like replicate and drive good practices into your software ecosystem. And so that's what it became for us is this single plane of glass where all of our developers, and now it's not just all of our developers. It's really almost all of our product managers and all of our designers, but pretty much everybody in the R&D organization uses this. My team shared a stat with me the other day. We have 98% weekly active users in Backstage every week. That is crazy. It's not just developers. It's weekly active users. So it's become this, like, centerpiece for development at our organization that allows you to do all these things and get folks aligned and standardized in the company. I mentioned that before, like, having just less variety in your technology ecosystem as you scale becomes a huge advantage towards speed. So when you start and you're small, like, what can be very advantageous is just locally optimized for what every team is doing. That allows you to go fast. When you get big, it actually inverts. You sort of switch from being the optimization being sort of local optimizations on technology decisions to global optimizations on technology decisions make you go much faster. And so that's why you have something like Backstage to help you along that transition journey to standardize things. And that standardization just pays off and off and off. So when you want to do cost control activities, you've got all the tools out there. You've got everybody aligned. And you can kind of teams like mine, the platform teams, can just push through these changes without disrupting the people who are working on your features and your core business value. Yeah. So I'd be curious, just show of hands, are folks that are here, in terms of the internal developer portal, where you are in your journey, are there folks kind of dealing with this right now, just show of hands, kind of figuring out this standardization inside your organization? Yes? No? Yeah? Okay. So I see you. Go ahead and put them back up. Just a few. I'm just sorry. The light's in my eyes. My fault. Okay. Very good. So around that, and, you know, you've talked about developer productivity a little bit and how this helped. Was there any, in doing this, were there any gotchas around getting your IDP built, anything for the number of folks that have kind of put their hands up that you would just give them a piece of advice around as they think through it? Yeah. So we've had a lot of learnings through building out our IDP. Where to start? So one of the things which I think has been important to the success of our IDP was to not make it just about a project that your platform organization or your platform engineering organization, that was a term we didn't have, but it's sort of a new term for teams, builds. But something that's accessible to your entire organization. So when we built Backstage, it wasn't just this relatively tiny team that was building the ecosystem there. They built the core. And then we said, like, we think that all engineers in the company can contribute to helping us standardize and, you know, come up with new functionality for that. So we have this concept called a plug-in where they can build that. So that allowed the whole company to participate in this journey of how do we align the company on less complexity? How do we engage in it? So it may be that one part of the organization is very concerned about security compliance or something like that. And then they can build that for the rest of the company. Maybe that a feature team has something unique in terms of a quality aspect that they want visualized and built inside of the company. And they can build that inside of the ecosystem and make it show up in their custom part of their IDP. Because part of the way that the IDP is built is that it is when you as a developer go into it, you get a very unique view of your context. This development team owns, say, 30 different software components. It's what shows up for them. And then you can customize it to say, well, what we care about right now is cost. And then some other team may be like, what we care about right now is security. What we care about is quality. And so it allows you to do the local context while still having all the things that can kind of nudge you in the right direction for a global context. But sorry, back to the answer to the question. Allow everybody to participate in the ecosystem. That's probably the big one. Yeah. Well said. So let me switch gears. We've talked a bit about developer productivity. Probably you and I have had more conversations over time around data and your data estate and just the volumes of storage and processing and management and costs associated with that and architectural decisions. And certainly you must have thought through the scale and pace at which you were sort of growing, the volumes you were taking on. It would be interesting to understand how you thought about your data architecture, knowing that that's core to everything that you're doing. But in the context of the phases of your growth as you were going through it, if you could just give us some insight there. Yeah. So when we transitioned from our on-premise approach, we were running one of the largest Hadoop ecosystems. It was the largest Hadoop ecosystems in Europe. We're a Swedish-based company. And we basically, like, we could hardly keep up with being able to rack enough hardware into that context in our on-premise data centers. And it was a limiter for our organization to be able to do data things. Data things. I'm sorry. It's a technical term. Technical term. We'll go with it. Keep it deep here. Data things. Yeah, you can take that one back with you if you need to. And so when we switched into Google Cloud, that was really quite a big unlock. It unlocked my organization from having to focus on those infrastructure things. And we could move up to the higher level things of the sort of data, the efficiency of our engineering workforce. So then we shifted up towards paying attention to lineage and data quality and those sorts of things. So that allowed us to sort of shift. The other thing that allowed us to do, for example, bringing BigQuery into the ecosystem, just allowed everybody to use it with, like, so much more effectiveness. So we tracked, we were basically looking at average usage of our data ecosystem. And when we did that switch, we saw this hockey stick change where it really was much more accessible to the ecosystem. That was one of our early things. Yep. Was there organizationally? Did you have to adapt, you know, data platform teams? How did you think about the organization? Yeah, so we did for a while have a central data team, but it didn't last very long. And part of that was we did that adaptation. So we kept the data infrastructure team, but we pretty much dissolved the central data team. And that was because we really wanted to democratize access to data and not make it a choke point for the organization. Because as you said, Amesh, it was just so important. And so we didn't want it all focused in a single location. And we do that in our AI ecosystem as well. I have an ML infrastructure team that helps support the infrastructure, but everybody has access to AI as well. Yeah. And then one of the things that we don't really have here, but I know when you and I were talking, I think it would be helpful for the folks to hear about. Because in any relationship, there's a lot of good and a lot of things we have to work through. You had a lot of decisions to make, too, around sort of as you thought about that data architecture, how much you think about in terms of managed services with things like BigQuery, how much you think about natively, how much flexibility you wanted to preserve for yourself in the architecture. And we've had many conversations. Yep. I just think it might be interesting. I'm sure people are going through the same kind of decisioning to hear. I think you've always had such keen insight around this. And then, of course, cost and other things become a factor. But it would be very interesting to share some of that. Yeah. So you're always in a sort of a – as you get to more and more a scale, you do have to think about the value of a managed service versus the value of sort of managing that yourself. And early in your journey, I think it makes a lot of sense to focus on a managed service and have somebody else take care of that for you. And that's what we saw with Google. If you all are very successful, and I hope you are, that may invert for you one day. And then you start to have complex discussions with your cloud provider where you say, hey, it no longer looks like it economically makes as much sense for you to operate the managed service. But instead, it makes sense for an organization like mine to operate the managed service at scale. And so those are – I don't know. Those are rich people problems, I guess. They are. They are. They are. They are a good opportunity. Was there something that you were thinking about? No, I was thinking it's – I think Spotify has been always very thoughtful with the architectural decisions, looking, you know, well ahead. And I think you've done a very nice job of preserving flexibility between what you want to do. And you've made very deliberate decisions with what you want to do versus what you want someone like Google to do. And so it was just sort of illuminating that fact that, you know, it sounds funny as the Google person sitting up here, but kind of my advice is that deliberate architectural decision is very important for you. A managed service, while nice, and we as cloud providers would say, you know, that's the right thing. I think Spotify has been extraordinarily deliberate in that process of deciding where was the right value to offload that work to the managed service versus – and there are certain things you went to that were managed that you brought back over time. Yeah, yeah. And I think maybe just a lesson that I took from our journey was it's been very helpful to have the procurement organization part of my organization because they're very close with all of the engineers in my data infrastructure and my core infrastructure team. There's no sort of – there's less organizational boundaries, and there's a tighter overall culture than, say, putting it in your finance organization. And so those teams work really closely to do the financial analysis to be like, hey, where are these inversion points in our ecosystem today? We need to invert from on-premise to a cloud-managed service. Oh, now we need to invert from a cloud-managed service to a self-managed service. And having the people who are financially literate and technically literate close and aligned is super-duper powerful if you get it right. You know, finance cultures are different. They have different incentives and all that sort of stuff. So that can introduce challenges the other way around. Okay. So now I'm going to switch to AI because I think by law I'm required to talk about AI. That's a requirement. So such an interesting journey that you've been on. And I think my observation is you all have done a great job of trying to figure out what's the right application to actually help the consumer, the listener. You're doing a number of things internally as well. But so much of your business is personalization. It's personalizing to the greatest extent that you can. And so I know in our conversations a lot of your AI-driven products are through the lens of what can be personalized in the surface, to what greater extent, and how does that create a richer environment. So, again, in the last year and a half you're now already at a very large scaled environment. So it's a bit of a different problem. It's now introducing technology in to potentially a very scaled environment. So what have been your lessons on your AI journey in the organization? Yeah. So maybe I'll list a couple and dive down. One is focus on the data flywheel. And then two is focus on the speed of iteration of your model testing journey. So maybe a third, and I'll work this into the first one, is align the incentives correctly. So, yeah, as Umesh said, a very key part of the value proposition for Spotify is that we're able to provide you custom recommendations, allow you to discover music that's sort of within your taste profile. And we do that by delivering you an application experience that is also very feature-rich. And inside of Spotify, we split up our application development team, we call it our customer experience team, and our personalization team. They're two different teams. So the team that develops the app that you see in your mobile phone or on your TV or your speakers or whatever is one team, and the personalization team is another team. That's our very AI-dense team. This customer experience team is where all the data signals come from. So they're the data producer. And the personalization team is the data consumer. And those things weren't always tightly aligned. This team's, like, trying to get out new features like a cool GM thing or whatever the latest feature is that makes Spotify kind of different from the rest of the ecosystem. And so their engineers are changing, say, the mobile code base. And they maybe don't care quite as much about whether the data that's tracked. So every time you do something at Spotify, of course, we are seeing what you are doing. It's a signal to us to be like, oh, this person likes to play jazz. This person engaged in this part of the application a little more than that. They follow this line of engagement. And so we watch both what you stream but also your behavior inside of the app to give you the best personalization. So this team's in control of that. This team needs the data. And for a long time, they weren't really aligned. And so it was a little bit breaking our data flywheel that we needed. And so along comes the savior. That would be me in this story. I lead the platform organization to try to get over the fact I'm just being facetious. But my platform organization could see this problem, which is misaligned incentives. And so that wasn't something we could entirely fix because there was pros to this organizational structure. And you all have to have some sort of organizational structure. So we tried to come in from a technology perspective and build out capabilities. And we, again, made this something at the company level, a company level bet. And we called it exhaust to fuel. So these folks on this side were treating data as exhaust, something that stinks and wasn't very good. And the folks over here, they needed fuel from the exhaust. And so we ended up building a lot of the infrastructure that allowed it to be the consumer experience, engineers to spend less time thinking about the complexities there and make less errors. Because every time they made a change, they were, in a sense, corrupting the data that we really needed to do high-quality personalization. And so as you get bigger, you really have to think about the incentives inside of your organization that flow into the quality of your data. Because your data is what actually powers your AI. And so, like, understanding that loop is quite important. And trying to work through it. So the reason I said all those points up front was so you could remind me what they were. Because I figured I'd forget what they were. There was a second one. Yeah. So I think, well, let's look a little bit forward around AI, sticking with that, though. Right. So recommendation, obviously, around music, your podcast. But I think it would be interesting to also just share a little bit around what do you see as sort of next? What are areas that are areas of interesting exploration around AI for you? Maybe they're applicable to some of the startups that are kind of out there. Sure. Yeah. So I'm not going to be able to tell folks too much about what we're doing. Of course. Yes. But just sort of at a general level, what's amazing now, I think, for every business is the fact that we all have world knowledge at our fingertips now. That's what everybody has, which they didn't have a couple years ago. And so within your business context, you probably have some data advantage. And the opportunities there are now basically to combine what is your sort of data advantage and your specialness with world knowledge. And it's quite powerful. So you'll see more of that play out in Spotify's experience over the next year or so. But I think that's like the mega pattern that I would look at, which is like there's something really new in your ability to synthesize world data. Yeah. And this all builds on it, right? If I were to really think through what you've shared here, you know, there's a few kind of waypoints, I think, in the discussion. So it was very much around kind of start, get your architecture and your developer environment, get it sorted, you know, right up front. You talked about a journey around data and getting your golden data and kind of the key data in place. The IDP to drive developer productivity ultimately inside your organization. And I think, you know, and I deal with this with organizations all the time right now. It's those things that have put you now kind of in the position where you are around this, as you're saying, access to the world's data to be able to sort of kind of capitalize on those points. And I just wanted to kind of tie that all these sort of pieces back together because I know as Google, we certainly see organizations who are in a position because they've done the things such as Spotify where they can now move quite fast. Right. While you can't talk about the specific capabilities, I know there are many and you all have the ability to move very fast at this point in time. And so I think it's, you know, that's sort of critical.