 Hi, everyone, and welcome to Google Cloud Next 25. Whether you be here in the room or watching online, I want to wish you a very warm welcome to Mastering Conversational AI, a Google Cloud and Quantify workshop. The session name is also known as BRK3009. So before I get started, I'd like to do some introductions. My name is Pak. I'm an engineering lead at Applied AI and Google Cloud. But I've also got a couple of friends with me. I've got Ishan and Gora from Quantify to very experienced conversational AI deployment practitioners, and they're going to help me explain why partners are so important. So before we get started, I want to start with the agenda to tell you what the story is going to look like today. We're going to start with Mastering Business Value. Because there's no point building an agent unless you make it do something very useful. And then we're going to talk a little bit about actually mastering conversational AI. How do you go about building these solutions and make them successful? And then we've got questions. So if we've got some time at the end, we'll open up the floor so that you can ask some questions as well. Okay. So before we go into all of that, I just want to talk a little bit about the product to make sure that we're talking all about the same product. We're talking here about conversational agents. It's up there highlighted in red. And it's part of the Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI. We have other parts of the Customer Engagement Suite, such as Agent Assist to help human agents, Insights to basically get you insights on why customers are interacting or how customers are interacting with your virtual agents and your human agents, as well as CCAS, our contact center as a service, if you wanted that all out of the box. But today, it's just going to be conversational agents. Now, I'm going to do something a bit unusual. And before I start, I'm actually going to show you the key takeaways of this session so that you can keep them in mind while we go and present. So takeaway number one, Google Cloud Partners are the key to your success. And the two things I want you to keep in mind as Ishan and Gaurav present are their experience and their expertise. The second key takeaway is generative AI is here and it's ready for prime time. You saw the keynote. That demo was real and it was really live. So the technology now is ready for you to be taken advantage of. And then finally, the third takeaway is we can do all of this with Google Cloud. It's easy to get started because why? We've got a managed product approach. We've got a vertical integration from product all the way through our cloud infrastructure to our models. And we try and make it easy for you to get started. And I'll show you how. Okay, so we got all of that. Let's get started. So now I'm going to start the first section. I'm going to invite on stage Ishan Angora from Quadify to tell us a little bit more about how you can master business value with conversational AI. Ishan, come on down. Thanks, Pak. Thanks for setting the stage and the context. Hi, everyone. My name is Ishan. I run the customer experience practice here at Quadify. Super excited to be here. And we have a lot to uncover. So we'll dive right in. So what are we here for, right? We're going to talk about how can we leverage conversational AI and generative AI to deliver business value at scale. The last two words being operative, right? Those are the key ones. As you can see on the screen, the approach to doing that is a three-step process before we get into the execution. Step one, defining success, which is very important because you want to know where you want, what defines success for you. Second, assessing the gap so that you know where you are and where you want to be. And then third, building a roadmap and a business case that you can statefully execute. Seems pretty straightforward, right? But still, only a certain percentage of organizations have been able to scale conversational AI and generative AI beyond pilots or beyond a single business unit within their organization. The ones that have got it right are the ones who were able to do the step one, two, three right before they got into execution. So let's talk about what those steps are, right? Defining success. The most important and the first step in this process is define the outcomes that you're chasing, right? And in nine out of 10 cases, it is predominantly improving customer experience, empowering your agents, and reducing cost. And in some cases, improving revenue as well. When we break these down further into analyzing what are the key levers that influence these outcomes, so if you want to improve customer experience, you will want to provide better self-service so that your customers are not waiting in queue for like 10 minutes, 20 minutes, or hours to talk to your agent. By providing better self-service, not only are you improving customer service and satisfaction, you're also reducing costs. Empowering agents with tools like Agentic AI and Agent Assist can help them reduce the manual effort in their day-to-day jobs, making them feel more satisfied in their roles, and then also reducing the average handle time and making them ready for talking to the next customer. And then finally, modernizing your contact center infrastructure so that it can scale as per your business needs and is built in a way where it is natively integrated with AI from the onset. And all of this is backed by a robust mechanism where you can assess or you can drive insights from what your customers are saying to you through all the channels of engagement and driving the insights to predict consumer behavior better. And finally, once you've identified all the levers, the final step in this process is to identify those measurable KPIs that you can assess to sort of get a sense of where you are right now and where you want to be and track progress, right? KPIs like containment, first call resolution, average handle time, silence times, and even the amount of investments that you're making to train your agents. Contact center as an organization usually sees a lot of attrition, so organizations have to spend a lot of money in training and upskilling agents as they have to backfill those headcounts. So once we have all of these KPIs, or in some cases, what we see is organizations don't have these KPIs or don't have the necessary infrastructure to get to this information. So this is where Google and Quantify come in, and we help our customers do a thorough contact center assessment, which primarily revolves around, on one side, using conversational insights to analyze your historical data and get you all the KPIs that we just spoke about, so it gives you a sense of where you are. And then on the other side, we also do a comprehensive analysis of the ID side of things, right? So analyzing how your contact center is set up right now, what is the readiness and what is the state of your ID infrastructure, for example, APIs and their status in terms of availability and integratability. And with all of this information, we can help you build a cohesive roadmap, right? So by this stage, you have a complete understanding of where you are and what's the gap in terms of what your success, what success means to you and where you want to be. And now this is where the fun part starts, right? With all the information that you've gathered, you can create a very simple effort versus value prioritization matrix, which is essentially a function of how much cost you're incurring, that is, how many calls or chats are currently going unself-serviced. What is the degree of automation for each of these use cases that you've identified in the previous step, which means the percentage of APIs that are ready and available to provide end-to-end automation. And then the development complexity, which is a measure of how complex the user journey is and how many times will that agent have to talk to your backend systems in order to provide that end-to-end automation. So if you look at this chart here, right, what it tells you is you want to start off with the use cases that are there in the far right corner on the top because those are the ones that you are spending the most amount of money on and has the highest level of automation. And in parallel, you want to work on, oops, sorry, you want to work on the seven to eight, nine, all these use cases that are there in the bottom left corner and try and move them towards the top right. So while you're working on modernizing your infrastructure internally, you're also delivering value to your customers by automating some of those use cases that you see on the top right. And then finally, with all this information, you can create a very holistic view of how you want to execute your roadmap and have a very objective point of view on how and when you can deliver transformation and what is the cost impact or the revenue enhancement that you can bring through modernizing your contact center operations by leveraging all the AI technologies, right? And now that you have an execution plan, you're ready, set to go. I'll hand it over to Gaurav who's going to talk about how we have delivered the impact for a lot of our customers through this approach and what is that impact. Thank you. Thank you, Pak. Thank you, Sean. Hi, everyone. For those of you who are here in 2018, you'll remember the launch of this solution. Having seen the evolution of the product over the years, I would like to bring to you the learnings we have seen building this solution for different customers. I'm Gaurav. I lead Quantify the AI portfolio. So think of this as a slightly unconventional burger. We are going to start on the edges. We are going to talk about how we collaborate with you guys, with our partner, Google. And then we get into the toppings and the patty where we are going to talk about how we actually go about doing a development. So starting on the top, our CX experts sit with you to understand your business priorities, your goals, your objectives. We understand these conversational agents are going to become the face and voice of your organization. So it is important for us to understand what is your mission statement, what are your beliefs, and align the persona of the solution to the same. During this whole process, we collaborate very closely with the Google team to ensure we are using the latest and greatest features. Not just that, but also future-proof your solutions to ensure the solutions we are building out align with the good advancements Google is bringing to the table. Now, our team comes in, starts building out the solution architecture, start doing a development. There are two types of stories we typically see. One, where you might want to be modernizing your existing experience. You want to retain your existing context in a platform. You want to bring the power of conversational agent to modernize the customer experience. Or, you might want to transform the end-to-end user experience by bringing the power of Google C-Cast along with other components of the solution. So, both of these we can do. Then we start building out the use cases using the framework Ishan talked about. We prioritize and we start doing a development. Many of these are also reusable frameworks like authentication, which can be used across different use cases. And then we start integrating all these use cases with your backend systems like CRM databases to ensure that we can give a personal experience to your users. This integration is typically, we recommend to do it through a centralized fulfillment layer to ensure that the solution we are building out is scalable, is secure. During the journey, so as I said, like, we were actually a launch partner for the solution. We started our journey back in 2018. We have worked on more than 200 of such implementations. We realized that there are aspects of the journey which can be accelerated, and that is where we have built a suite of accelerators called collective.cx, which we leverage in this implementation to fast track time to value. We also understand there are different components of the solution which require meticulous focus, and that is where we have three sub-teams which focus on each of these different parts. There's a strategy team which is going to help you build your CX roadmap, identify what are the use cases you should be automating, what are the use cases you should not be automating, where you want human in the loop. It's going to continue to evolve. It's not a one-time thing. Your business priorities evolve, your businesses evolve, and that is where it's important that we keep evolving this roadmap as we go along. Early on, we realized we built technically very strong solutions, but we are still not seeing the adoption, and we kept asking why, what is that we are doing wrong, and what we realized is it's not the technical aspect of the solution. Where we were failing was actually the adoption of the solution was low because it's touching humans. We missed the most important factor in building out the solution. It's going to impact how users interact with your organization, it's going to impact how your agents leverage the conversational agents which have been built on all. And that is where we set up this change management team which works very closely with your team to help you drive maximum AI adoption of these use cases. We have implementation team, this is the core part of the solution where we are building out the solution and integrating your backend systems. And there's a continuous improvement team which continues to see how the solution is performing. You might do a perfect design, build, test, there will be cases which will get left out. And this continuous improvement team, hyper-K team, continues to monitor where are your solution currently not able to automate. There are two types of use cases we typically come across. Either we missed out certain use cases or we build the use cases but we missed out a scenario and that is where our team goes in and starts tuning these solutions further to ensure that we can drive best experience and drive higher containment. As I was saying, we understand time to value is crucial for you. We saw, like, during these 200 implementations, we saw there are parts of the design development and manage which can be automated, which can be fast-tracked and that is where we built this suite of accelerators called collective.cx which help you expedite that journey. Ishan already talked about the design phase where we don't drive just on gut. We actually build you a 100% data-backed roadmap. Development, that is the lengthiest part of the journey. If we can drive improvement, fast-track that, nothing like it and that is where we have built a lot of solutions which can help you expedite a journey. For instance, there are use cases which are very common across all the industries like password resets. I'm pretty sure all of you here need that use case. If you are a retailer, you need a solution which can help place an order. If you are a healthcare provider, you need a scheduling appointment solution. If you are in bank, you need a solution which can help you with your mortgage application. You don't need to build it from scratch. We have these pre-built conversational agents which you can tune further and you can use it in your business. Most of our customers also have existing DTMF IVRs which may or may not have been documented over the years. We have built an IVR crawler which can go through your existing DTMF IVR, identify all the nodes, the branches, and convert them into AI interns. We use your historical call transcripts to understand how your users are interacting with your existing IVR or with your existing human agents. We use that to build out the conversation agents at a faster speed. not just that. We understand the solution accuracy is very important. You should not hesitate to resonate and that is where we have built automated review engine which actually evaluates the solution across best practices and also tests out the solution to ensure that it is performing at high accuracy. We have different dashboards in the manage phase which help you understand how the solution is performing. We should be looking at automating them and lastly, most importantly, as I said, the first time solution may not be perfect and that is where we have the continuous improvement which helps you identify what are the new use cases you should be building out or how should you be tuning your existing use cases to drive best user experience and best containment. So as you can see, some of these offerings help you drive faster time to value which I understand is very very crucial in these kind of areas. Lastly, I want to show you this framework, these accelerators some of the success this has been able to create for some of our customers. We worked with one of the largest telecom providers. We modernized their current experience with these conversational agents. They have more than 200 million conversations coming in annually. We are able to automate almost one out of every two of these conversations and driving more than 50 million optics benefits for them annually. What's unique about this is the scale of it. It is the largest conversation air deployment out there. But more importantly, we believe in shared goals. How do we convince that we actually believe in that? And that is where the commercial model here is actually outcome driven. We don't get paid if we don't drive the containment. Shared win. We win when we do win. The second one I would like to talk about is a healthcare provider we have been working with. This is the implementation we did across different departments. We are driving containment for one out of every two conversations and we have been able to improve their agent productivity by 75%. This is where business meets tech. We have been able to revolutionize the way patients interact with this healthcare provider today. The next one is a work we have been doing with the internet services provider. We started this journey with them where they wanted to transform their whole user experience, customer experience. We are using the whole customer engagement suite which Pat showed earlier. Conversational agents, agent assist insights, vocal CCaaS. Change the way the customers interact with the organization today. We have completed a process already for chat. We are in the process of doing the same thing for voice channel. What's unique here is we started within the six months of this journey. We are not just able to get the solution out to production but we are driving for one out of every three conversations we have been able to contain. Last one I would like to talk about is the work we have been doing with a bank, a large U.S. bank. Again, end-to-end use of Google customer engagement suite with Google AI. We have migrated 2,000 of their agents to Google CCaaS. We are using conversational agents to improve the user experience. What's unique about this one is the contact center they had that spanned across different contact center platforms. It was truly bifurcated and we were able to consolidate all of that and bring them on Google CCaaS. So this will show you the impact we have been able to create for some of our customers. This is just a handful of them. There are 200 such implementations we have done. We're happy to talk about that more. But now I'll pass it over to Pack to show you what are the latest and greatest features which are coming which can help you expedite the journey further. Thank you, thank you Gaurav. And so what I'll do is I'll just pause here before I go on and I think you see why it's so important. Particularly if you're a customer on why you want to use a partner. The amount of investment and experience they have in implementing these solutions really helps you because they've had all of this experience and investment which means that you might not have to go through the pain that for example you might have if you are trying to deploy this for the first time. So for section two I'm going to talk about mastering conversational AI and present to you some of the new features in our new product conversational agents and I'll also tell you about how to build your first proof of concept using this product. So let's get started. Okay, so what is conversational agents? So I'm just going to go over some of the key features here very quickly so that you can get an idea. I'm not going to drain them all but it's a managed product that provides a low-code environment. Why is that important? Because we have business users that might want to build a conversational agent. We've got some features in there that help you accelerate your conversational agent deployment such as support for hybrid agents and I'll talk about that on the next slide. That means you can support the old deterministic style of agents as well as the new generative style of agents. We have generative assisted prompting for our generative agents which means that you can have Gemini side-by-side with you to help you build your first playbook. We have managed RAG tools to help you ground your generative agent with data. Why is this important? If you're going to use RAG and your data set is large, you don't have to build vector store databases. You don't have to build embeddings. We provide all of that in our managed pipeline that's high performance as well as new features to help you improve the performance of it. We also provide connectors to your customers that allow you to do useful things such as connecting to your CRM systems or ordering systems to get customer profiles or to create orders and all of that being managed on Google Cloud. We have integrations with clients such as web, telephony and chat clients which means you don't have to build custom code if you want to integrate it onto your website or with your telephony system. We also have exports to BigQuery and insights to allow you to understand how your end customers are interacting with your conversational agent and you don't have to build that either. We've got some new features also coming with basically integrated evaluations to help improve the performance of your agent and then finally we've got some new cool features around deterministic actions and code tools to help you build that determinism into your generative agents. Okay now let's talk a little bit about deterministic versus generative agents so I'm just going to point here on the left hand side deterministic agents are what we know and what we launched previously with Dialogflow NLU based training phrases basically turn-by-turn type bots. Generative agents on the right-hand side is what I'll be talking about today they're LLM powered they can handle very complex problems without rules and we've also got this one in the middle which is hybrid agents and that's unique to conversational agents because you can mix and match them and what some of our customers have already started doing is they actually pick and choose how they want to implement whether it be on deterministic or on generative based on the type of use case they want but for today I'm just going to focus on the right-hand side and generative agents because we're going to just jump into the future so I get asked this question a lot how do I get started building a generative AI agent and so I thought about this I think about this question a lot because customers ask this a lot and let me just let you in on a little secret so here's my answer it's a very simple answer and I want you to try and remember this is you want to find the perfect human and so what does that mean and why does that matter so I'm going to present to you here a human expert approach to developing a generative agent so I'm going to show you here with my laser pointer all the blue boxes are all the things that you might already have inside your enterprise you will have a human agent implementing processes and tasks with some tools and those tools are information systems transaction systems such as like say a CRM system or an ERP system you might have human interactions with a workflow system like a BPM system or say email or say a document and what you're trying to do when you build your new generative agent is you want to build these things here on that are green on the right hand side you want to build these virtual allegories of a human agent to implement specific processes and tasks and with tools so that it can do useful things the challenge you've got as a developer or as a customer is the red arrow problem I call it the red arrow problem my team called it the red arrow problem and that is as a developer you might not be an expert on the blue boxes the blue boxes the experts are actually the human agents the people doing that job people that know intimately how to do that job and your developers are probably not able to do that job they might start off knowing nothing about their job so what you want to do actually is to close that knowledge gap to find out as much as you can about those human experts so that you can build those green boxes and a very successful generative AI experience that's why getting an expert human matters but how do we go about doing that so I'm going to present you four steps the first one I'm going to start with prompting the second one is I'm going to then once we've got the prompt ground the agent with data I'm going to add some tools to make it do useful things and then I'm going to provide you some practices on how to harden your agent to make sure it's reliable okay let's go to prompt Gemini and why does that matter because well Gemini has a lot of synthetic training data inside it and so the moment you prompt it manually as a human you're actually adding in noise so it's much better to always use Gemini to prompt Gemini particularly for a generative AI solution so here I've got a might prompt template and it's the one I always like to start with because generally everyone knows what company what role they have and what they're trying to do and so when you want to build say a generative AI agent the first thing you should do is use that prompt and put it inside AI studio or vertex AI and you get something like this so over here on the top right hand side let's say I work for Google Cloud I'm an engineering lead and I want help to create a presentation for our yearly conference at Next25 Gemini returns with this it returns with a persona some responsibilities and I've cut it out there at the bottom but also some instructions on how it should help me now you can literally put in anything you want here for the company employee role and objective and I've actually tried this for about 85,000 different agents it covers a wide variety of industries and roles and we know that this process works really well and so this will help you create your initial prompt now step two is you might need to then start refining that prompt to get some more information about some of those green boxes I showed you earlier so I'm going to give you some three keywords here system prompt instructions and tools these three keywords have very special meanings inside Gemini's training data and so what you want to do is basically follow up that response from the first meta prompt with maybe one of these prompts here to basically help you identify some instructions to maybe have the agent do that job maybe some tools that an agent in that position might want to use like a CRM system or database and then the data models why is that important because the combination of those three things are what Gemini will use when you're using conversational agents to basically ground the responses to build you a very reliable generative AI agent okay so let's have a look at the meta prompting feature now that we've got inside conversational agents you can see here when you start conversational agents I'm going to start with a blank agent I'm going to now create a meta prompt I'm going to ask Gemini to help me prompt my playbook it comes up with the playbook name goal and instructions I insert it in and I can start interacting with that bot straight away and it works perfectly and I'm not surprised because Gemini prompting Gemini works really well perfect so step one done step two how about grounding with data so we've got a feature called data store which I'm going to take you through here how to set it up it's a managed rags feature so what you can do is in conversational agents you can add your data store and then you can connect your data store to say your website you just provide your URL and then we will index your website create the vector database and then have it ready for use inside your playbook note that for websites you will have to answer a domain challenge but fundamentally this is a much easier way for you to build a conversational agents if you've got data already in a website or maybe on a GCS bucket to basically just automate all of that build away there are a couple of other things that I'd like to show you as well and that is like the observability in the simulator to optimize your performance it's a managed solution so you will need to maybe optimize it and then also some evaluation features to baseline and monitor changes as your data changes potentially the performance of your data store changes but I'll treat that at the end on step four for hardening so let's have a look at some of these new features on a demo I've got here managed data store and then we can also look at the performance of it because obviously there are multiple LLM calls and we get like the nice waterfall graph showing us exactly how long the agent has taken so with this feature here which is coming soon you'll be able to start optimizing your data store by changing either your customized prompt or maybe the data that you've indexed in the data need step three so we've got the prompt we've grounded it on data now we want to start adding tools and connectors to make it do useful things as we announced in the keynote we've got connectors and connectors are now inside the console you can go there on tools click on connector and we can see here some of these pre-built connectors that exist let's go ahead and select Salesforce and connectors and so this is our managed solution that creates secure connectors to all of these third party systems and right here you can see here it's all just done inside a wizard there's no more cloud functions to create there's no more custom code I just fill out all of those that wizard and then I deploy it and that's it it will be available as a tool for use in my conversational agent we'll be adding to these connectors during 2025 so what you'll see in the console coming will be more of those integration connectors from the overall collection we have here at Google cloud very cool now we get to the interesting part so we've got the initial agent we've got the data store grounding on data and we have tools to make it useful stuff so we want to make you bring deterministic like I guess responses from the actual generative agent code blocks to help you build and mock tools directly inside the console or even build some very cool grounding tools based on the conversation or the situation that the generative agent might find itself in and then finally evaluations which is in preview to help you improve the performance of your agent okay so conditional actions how does this work so new feature here you can add a conditional action and you can specify the event or the life cycle stage of the actual generative agent as it's running inside our runtime and then choose what you wanted to do so for example at a specific life cycle stage you can provide a fixed response you don't have to let the generative AI agent create the response for you right or you can actually make a call a tool under certain conditions and this is very useful because customers would tell us on certain conditions I want it to say this and only this and in certain conditions I wanted to do this and only this well now you can do that straight inside the console with conditional actions very cool you can also handle some system events that might go wrong which is also very useful like cool part and this is basically the actions with Python so in line now inside dialogue flow you can define code in Python and you can see here I've got basically a definition of the actual function plus also some documentation and we convert that and we inject it inside the actual runtime of the actual conversational agents and what that means is you don't have to deploy on cloud functions when you inside your conversational agent so over here in this demo what's going on we've got an agent a demo agent that's taking a drinks order and what we wanted to do at every step of the drinks order we wanted to validate the actual drinks order so we've got here checking flavor checking ice levels checking if they want boba or not checking the size and you can see here that conversational agents based on the instructions selects the correct action executes the python code validates the input from the customer returns the response back to the tool and then grounds Gemini on how it should respond and what it should do very useful for improving precision when it finally calls by the tool to place the order but there's one hot tip that I also want to point out here is that if you can mock the CRM data or your ordering systems with code blocks and that will give you a very good indication of how those systems will perform but you can also optimize your prompting directly in the code blocks so when it comes to actually building your integration you will know exactly how you should be building that I love this feature okay evaluations so we already have this evaluations tool which is an open source collab notebook that we provide and I'm only just animating it there just to show you how complex it is I said there was a key takeaway for the session that we make things easy and clearly this is not very easy right there's a URL there just to make of course to show you how easy it is but if you want full control over your evaluations and you really want to basically make sure or basically build like I some sort of event driven kind of system based on your evaluations this is probably your good starting point so we got the collab but actually more interesting is this the evaluations feature which will be coming soon and what this will allow you to do is you'll be able to upload your test set and run evaluations directly inside the console and then we'll give you feedback on the performance so this is particularly good with data stores because for example if you've got say a data store and you have a known baseline of performance you can basically upload it run it then when you update your data store say with new data you can just run it again and see basically what losses you have excellent okay so we've gone through everything right now but before I kind of close out I want to show you how to put all of that together and then build an agent within minutes so for those of you who've been on the show floor you might have seen the demo agent that was on the show floor and maybe in one of the sessions that was just before me and they built their agent their way and then I sat down with one of my colleagues Igor and he said well Pac do you want to try building this your way and I said yeah I'll not edited it's live but it's a gif so it's like a bit choppy but it shows you exactly how we did it and I'm going to talk you through it as soon as I this such as instructions that keyword right based on those requirements give me the instructions that I should give to the agent so that it can follow it and implement that use case and then I say well how about some tools what kind of tools will you need to basically ground that use case it provides me the tools in the data model now I need to simplify it to optimize it for here let's have a look at that okay and then I work with it I simulate it and it works straight away it's calling all the tools correctly it's responding very naturally it's fantastic so that's basically end to end how you can combine everything I've just presented to you today about meta prompting in this case here I meta prompted not only with the prompt but with actually requirements documents and you could use a video of someone doing that task or another requirements document you can put in whatever you want into that meta prompt and then a set of follow-ups on the three keywords system prompt tools and instructions to basically target the elements of the prompt that I want and then finally putting it all together inside conversational agents and testing it so that we can see it work cool so before I end off I just want to close with the key takeaways so takeaway number one like our Google cloud partners are really key to your success you know from my perspective I'm in engineering you know we don't work with customers directly to find out all the things that we need to or that you need to to basically succeed with your deployment right and there are so many other things outside of just configuring the product that allows you to actually succeed as a customer when you deploy conversational AI and I think you saw all of that when they presented to you their methodology and I think that's just like a little opening actually of all the real things that they do to make sure that their customers are successful and also all of our Google cloud conversational AI partners do to make sure they're successful The second takeaway is generative AI is here and we're ready for prime time you've seen it in the demo you've seen it also on my screen share today these bots are ready for use and takeaway three with Google cloud we make it easy to get started with our managed platform plus all our integrations and features directly inside the platform I mean if you had to consider your alternative right if you were to build this all from scratch you would have to be building all of that additional infrastructure whether it be connectors to systems whether it be connectors to telephony whether it be like I guess operational dashboards into BigQuery you'd be building all of that then you'd have to be deploying it then you'd have to be putting security over it but we do that all for you inside our managed solution and that we've presented here at Next25 so I've just got them all up there take a shot of that and you can look them up they'll be available as recordings I think on the Google cloud website so you can look into those and find out more about conversational agents and customer engagement suite I'm just going to flick this slide up and say your feedback is greatly appreciated please go ahead and complete the session survey inside the mobile app and with that I'd just like to thank you for turning up today for our session and for being here at Next25 please put your hands together as well for my friends Ishan and Gaurav from Quantify Thank you everyone Thank you very much