 JOHN MCDONALD, Global Director of Strategy and Solutions for Google Workspace. I'm very honored to be joined by our guests today that will be pulling up on stage in just a moment for existing customers of Workspace with us, and we'll be looking at their journey along the way from a workspace perspective as well as how they've been leaning into generative AI. But first, I wanted to talk a little bit, set the conversation, frame it a little bit, and talk about what we've been experiencing. We're in the middle of a super cycle moment, meaning it's absolutely pivotal growth that we're seeing with our customers. Our team has been involved and directly engaged since June 6th of 2023, and since that time we've been working with hundreds of our customers to understand their utilization and adoption of generative AI, but also their awareness level, the different business use case applications, personas that were drawn to it, and how people are working across teams to achieve their goals. And it's really become a moment now, a lot of AI being mentioned during this conference. It's not a matter of if, and more a matter of when you're going to adopt this and where you are on that journey. As I mentioned, our team has been leaning into this since the very early days, but it hasn't been all that early for us. The term of generative AI is somewhat newer and catching all the media and buzz since early 2023 with ChatGPT. But Google's been at AI for well over 14 years and come up with some of the legacy technologies and thought leadership that has allowed us to bring forward the transformer in 2017 that makes a lot of these models possible in addition to building out infrastructure and models that even make these things possible. I go back many years. I used to work alongside Jeffrey Hinton. Didn't work on his team, but he's one of the godfathers of AI. I work out of the Toronto office and he was about 20 feet down the hall and he had an entire room of students working with him. And there was this one young lady who was sitting there working on an image and I asked her what she was doing because I was genuinely inquisitive about this because she was looking at an image where there was an individual standing there and then a small elephant. And I said, what are you doing? And she said, I'm trying to write an algorithm that will help us figure out if this small elephant is a baby elephant standing beside a grown man, a toy elephant or an elephant that's standing 200 feet behind this gentleman. And I thought, that's fascinating. That's what I said to her. I walked out and thought, what the heck are we going to use that for? At the time, we didn't even have the compute power to do what she was striving to do. But over the years, we started to see more and more the applicability of AI and how it was moving into both our consumer lives as well as our professional lives. So the journey of AI is actually not a new one. It's something we've been working on for over 14 years here at Google. Another story I like to tell is of my son. He's now 16. He hates when I talk about him. But when he was nine, he walked in the door. He opened up his laptop. He went to a document. And he went to the tools functionality in the document. And he went to transcribe. Went over to our Google home and said, hey Google, tell me everything about Ed Sheeran. And it dictated from Wikipedia everything about Ed Sheeran. And he went tools translate to French and said, dad check my grammar. He was nine years old. And that was seven years ago. I was blown away at that moment. It hit me like a ton of bricks. This nine-year-old was unlocking magic of technology and AI at the moment and our ML models that most adults weren't even thinking about. So not only do we see that teams of people are trying to figure out how to utilize these technologies. But those that are leaning into them are moving much quicker. And they're adopting more and more much faster. We've seen that. We've experienced that 10% to 30% of organizations see a drastic improvement immediately as soon as they expose their users to it. But what shadow AI is showing us is that the users that don't have sanctioned utilization or usage of tools anyway are embracing them on their own. And that population of shadow AI roughly sits on average between 45% and 65%. Meaning our teams and users are reaching out for ways to do this on their own. Another quick story of my wife. She works with many different tools and technologies. But she does so on her own. The tooling and technology her organization sanctions and gives to them is not the one she necessarily chooses to use. But she uses roughly four different that she continuously tests. And they had to send a public memo about two months ago saying please use the tools we give you. Because shadow AI for them is real. So constantly testing and understanding what your users are doing is incredibly important. What's really exciting though if you look at where you are on this adoption curve. And what's really exciting though is very recently we've given the ability for our workspace users and customers to leap over that chasm and really start to embrace this full drove. And we're going to talk about that in just a moment. So when it comes to Gen AI or what we've been working on with our customers there are three key questions. Why do I want to use it? And it seems logical to some of us even if we're technologists. It seems fairly logical especially now when you fast forward a couple years. But many have still not leaned into it from a user perspective. We constantly analyze how our own Googlers are leaning into our technologies and reporting on that utilization. But it really comes with an understanding of what you're trying to achieve from a business perspective. And then mapping that to existing processes. And making sure that people understand the value that they can achieve. And really just how to get started. And what's exciting to me is we're going to have a conversation today with these gentlemen that have gone through this journey. I liken it to this. It's difficult right now. It's a bit of a leapfrog moment and a super cycle as we were saying. But I liken it to the evolution of the BlackBerry to the iPhone. And why I liken it to that is at the time. And I'm Canadian by the way. So BlackBerry up in Canada. A lot of folks said, I really don't want to get rid of this QWERTY keyboard. I do not understand the applicability that a Surface is going to give me. And I don't think that this is going to keep up with the way that I work. Fast forward, we understand how much evolution has come from just having personal devices for ourselves as well as our corporate lives. And what a moment that was. But it's important to understand with generative AI is start to lean in to these technologies that most people are doing it in a singular fashion. I mean, they're doing it on their own. They're doing it for their own benefit. We've now come to a moment where that is plateaued. And people are trying to understand how they get off that island and become highly collaborative and supercharge the generation. Whether you're talking about searching and summarizing content across a number of disparate systems and data sources. Trying to generate content based on others' feedback and those data sources. Automating certain workflows and creating agentic workflows through natural language without the ability to code for most people. But making those repeatable and shareable when we see that they're optimized. What we learned early on was that most people when they were creating prompts and trying to get to the information generation of content they were looking for. It took between 5 and 25 prompts to get to where they needed to be. So it depended on the complexity of that. As we started to lean into that, we realized we're going to need a simpler way to create this with natural language. And share it across our teams once we've hit optimal agents that can be shared out. So it's an incredibly exciting time. And I'm very excited to be talking with these folks in just a moment. But I hinted at this earlier. What have we done very recently that is allowing us to unlock these possibilities for everyone? On January 15th, we announced that we wanted to bring generative AI to all of our workspace customers. To the entire ecosystem. Because we don't see it as a feature or functionality that people are going to elect to lean into. We fundamentally believe this is going to reshape the way people communicate, collaborate with each other and across their teams. So now, I'd like to pivot. Speak directly with my friends that we've invited here today and that's so graciously accepted to come here. I'd like to welcome Barry, Saron, Jeremy to join me on stage. Welcome, gentlemen. Welcome, gentlemen. Well, thank you all for presenting at 515. I really appreciate it. I want to start off by allowing each of you to introduce yourselves. Tell us a little bit about yourself, but also your organizations. We're going to jump into an exciting conversation. After this as well, it's not going to be an open Q&A, but if you'd like to come over and talk to us, we will be here. Love to entertain any additional questions and thoughts you might have. So, looking to jump into it. Barry. Thanks, John. Hi, everyone. And again, thanks for sticking it out with us through the end of the day. My name is Barry Driscoll. I'm the CIO at WEX. I'm based in Portland, Maine, and I've been with the company for eight years. Many of you probably have not heard of WEX, but WEX is a global fintech company. We are supporting 800,000 customers globally with 7,000 employees. We are primarily a behind-the-scenes payments company in three different lines of businesses, including benefits, which is focused on FSA and HSA. Mobility, which is enabling our fleet customers to manage their spend better. And finally, corporate payments, which leverages our virtual card technology to make it easier for companies to pay and get paid. So, happy to be here. Thank you. Saran. Yeah, my name is Saran Mandir. I am GVP of Infrastructure and Operations. I am part of the CIO org, working for DocuSign. And as you guys know, DocuSign is an intelligent agreement management company. We have around 1.5 million paying customers. 1 billion users of the platform. And we operate in over 180 countries and territories around the globe and look forward to this conversation. Excellent. Jeremy. Thanks. My name is Jeremy Gibbons. I'm CTO for digital and IT at Air Liquide. We're a global manufacturer of gases for industry and healthcare, something like oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen, and all that fun stuff. We have 70,000 or so employees and that many workspace users. We've been happily living on the platform for 10 years now. Excellent. Well, let's jump in. Barry, I'm going to start with you because you're closest to me, and it just seems like the logical order. But obviously, there was a point in time when you decided that you wanted to make this shift, this transition into workspace. I'd like to understand that in a little bit more detail, but teasing it out also, what made you start to consider generative AI capabilities, and what was the moment where you realized you had to lean in? Sure. So Wex has standardized on Google Suite at the time, Google Workspace, back in 2018 when we had a very disparate environment and collaboration was really difficult. So going with Google really helped us to have a modern, global platform for collaboration. We are very heavy users of Google Chat and Google Meet, but we use the entire platform as our primary collaboration tools for the entire company, and it's been a great experience to partner with Google through that period. In terms of Gen.AI, we definitely have leaned into Gen.AI since 2023, and we can talk more about that. But in terms of the Gemini side of things, we had started adopting Gemini last year. Thank you, Google, for making it bundled as part of Workspace. That was a gift. And we have now enabled it across our entire company. The way we think about Gemini is it unlocks potential for employees to be much more productive and to be much more innovative, and we're not really sure what they are going to do with all this stuff, and we're seeing some amazing results. But using Gemini and partnering with Google on this has provided a safe way to allow employees to use Gen.AI tools in an environment they're already familiar with. So they're already using Workspace. Having Gemini as a side panel capability as well as the Gemini standalone app has been much easier to adopt than going to other products. And so far we've been really happy with the results, and we can talk more about some of the examples. Excellent. We'll definitely dig in. But similar question, Ron. Like you folks and your journey with DocuSign, what did that look like for you all? Yeah, I would like to say on our side, our inspiration was our product and technology teams. They were actually expanding our foundational e-signature, leveraging AI to move into intelligent agreement management by leveraging AI to bring agreements to life. Just seeing that capability and how it was widely accepted by our customers, we actually looked inversely and said, how can we enable this capability for all of our global employees? So that's where we actually looked at. We wanted something that was intimately connected from a pervasive AI offering with our workspace. And something that actually integrates seamlessly with our DocuSign intelligent agreement management, because collectively we can show our joint customers the power and the collaboration. The second one was an uncompromising employee experience. Without having them go into multiple interfaces, you know, something that they use multiple times a day, having a pervasive AI capability was extremely critical for us. And the third one is DocuSign is known for trust. You could not just rely on anybody. And with the Google Workspace, the Gen AI capabilities and the security and the RBAC capabilities that you guys provide, we are extremely comfortable with that. So those are the critical things for us to say this is the right platform for us to enable a pervasive AI capability for all of our global employees. That's excellent. Initially, we got a ton of questions around security, and people wanted to understand the deviation of those two, and it took a while for organizations sometimes to come back and say it's all built from the same foundational model, the same terms of service, same protections. And that gave us so much comfort that it was extremely helpful for us. Excellent. Excellent. Jeremy, same question. Yeah. So we actually got started on Workspace. I think it was Google Docs for business, something like that, back in 2014. So we've been on it for 10 and a half years and have been very happy all along. When Gen AI came along, it was a natural extension to the work that we'd been doing over 10 years with the Google Workspace product teams to understand our needs and collaboratively build things with them. So we were very keen to get in quickly into the test phase of Duet AI, I guess it was at the time, and had some very successful initial pilots, even though a lot of the functionality was still very much new and kind of rough, but had very enthusiastic users. And it confirmed the feeling that it was really the only way we were going to be able to get that kind of functionality into our collaborative environment. It was not something that we were going to be able to build ourselves. We knew we had peers on the market who were building their own assistance for various Gen AI functionality, but we didn't go down that route. We really wanted to focus on Gemini, and we were also convinced from the get-go that really the only valid way to deploy it was to get it to everybody. So that was kind of a challenge initially given the pricing, but now, as Barry said, the gift in January made that a lot easier, and so we fixed one of the big issues for us. Excellent. So you focused a lot on user considerations. You mentioned there were some security considerations. Any additional considerations for folks, obviously, in the audience who are looking at ways to embrace this themselves or explore the journey on their own, any kind of recommendations there around other key variables or considerations? I think the biggest challenge that I can see is just maintaining the awareness within the user population, especially when we're trying to train 70,000 people to use this tool, and that's not their full-time job. They have other things to do. And so how do you keep up for all those people with, on one hand, the pace of innovation from Google where there's new products, new features, new great things that we'd like them to understand that come out literally every week? And managing to get that across to 70,000 people is a significant challenge. I can only imagine. Yeah, and the data piece was very critical for us as well. Data security and having that comfort with Google and our existing enterprise agreements were a factor for our decision as well. So that's a key point. Yeah, and on our side, there were three key guiding principles that we did not want to compromise on. So I'll reiterate the guiding principles that worked for DocuSign and something for this audience to consider. The first one that we could not compromise was trust, reliability, and scale. That's something we could not compromise. The second one that I mentioned earlier on was an employee experience and not having them go into multiple places and also a seamless integration with our product, which is DocuSign Intelligent Agreement Management. We wanted to make sure. And then the third one that we wanted to ensure was a very innovative platform and a robust open ecosystem. So those are the three guiding principles. And when we looked at all of those guiding principles, Gemini actually checked Mark on all three. But those are the ones that we felt like were critical for us, just something for the audience to consider to see what makes sense. But we were extremely happy with the level of all three guiding principles, how Gemini checked Mark and went above and beyond. That's excellent. And you're mentioning 75,000 employees, all the people you're moving out to. Maybe if each of you could describe where are you on your journey? Everyone starts at a different point, obviously. Some of you, you mentioned Duet AI, so you're in very early on. But even more recently, with the inclusion of these technologies into the ecosystem to deliberately drive that, can you describe a little bit where you are in the journey? Sure, I'll take a shot at it. So there's been an all-in approach from WEX. I will say we are not a Gemini-only shop or a Google-only shop, but we certainly are leveraging that from an employee productivity standpoint the most by far. In terms of the journey, again, like I said, we started in 2023. We saw that this was going to be kind of life-changing and company-changing, having impacts to our customers and definitely our employees and our business. And so one of the first things we did is established an acceptable use policy for AI, which I certainly would recommend others consider. And we did allow people to use multiple tools, even non-commercial products, but within a structured policy. We've since gone beyond that with an AI governance committee, which is really focused on managing the risk of AI implementations and tools, again, whether it's for employees, for customers or for our commercial products. We've done a lot around employee training and support. We have training available for all employees. We made it a requirement for our director and above management team so that we'd have a top-down view of what was possible and what was okay with AI. We've got an AI community of practice. We've got an AI accelerators program. So we really tried to go at this in every way we could think of to encourage employees to leverage this technology, to innovate with this technology. We sponsor AI innovations and hackathons. We've given out numerous AI awards to our employees publicly that have gone and done amazing work with prototypes and pilots. Some of those have gone on to be more widely adopted and some of them are even going further to be deployed ultimately in our commercial products. So we really try to take an all-in, multiple avenue approach to supporting employees, making it very visible to the organization that this is okay. We encourage it. You've got to be careful, which were some of the guide rails that come into play there. But we feel like it's been a really great journey for our employees while at the same time managing the concerns and the risks. Sounds like I'm going to have to get more time with you to pick your brain more. I'm not saying it. No one said it was easy. No. No, that's been... You have obviously done a lot. Sir, on... Yeah, just to compliment, you know, what Barry and Jeremy highlighted, from DocuSign front, we first wanted to create a rail tracks that all of this AI innovation can ride on. So that was extremely critical for us. And we actually took a very methodical and initially a little bit of a slow approach to ensure we get feedback from our security team, from our legal team, and then also validating, is our data going to be trained, is the DocuSign data going to be trained by, you know, Google and other, you know, for their models. So we wanted to lay those tracks. We actually came up with a very... Sometimes it felt a little bit initially cumbersome, a vendor approval policy. You know, hey, are they going to be training with our data? What are they going to be doing with our data? So... But it felt like that cross-functional team from our CISO, from our legal, this cross-functional team, helped create those foundational rail tracks with the right guardrails to ensure, as we have more and more products coming, we can actually exploit that rather than creating multiple rail tracks. And then, after that, in parallel, we actually did a very extensive pilot. And in pilot, we actually have a team member here, Chevy, he actually led that effort to make sure that we actually have champions, detractors, all part of the pilot. And that pilot gave us a very data-driven approach to say, okay, what is our hypotheses? You know, is our hypotheses X? Let's write it down. And that really helped us have a really data-driven debate. You know, there were some policy things that we actually had to validate. But learning collectively for that core team, and then we also spoke about how do we actually bring our global employees, how do we educate them, how do we use the initial pilot to be our champions slash cheerleaders to take it back to their org and bring the things for us so we can figure out what are the next things. So those are the things that we did. You know, we are definitely early part of our journey. We actually have some foundational blueprints, but now we are going to be iterating on those blueprints to say, can we actually take those things out? So it's just learn, iterate, and relearn, and come up with version two. That's excellent. I'm going to be spending some time with you as well. Any qualitative learnings, like if you think of business cases being captured, you mentioned you have some awards. What is that looking like? Are you synthesizing those and bringing them out to others to kind of champion it even further from a qualitative perspective? Anyone? So we are working on collecting use cases that have proven particularly effective within the user population. It's not easy if you need to get people to actually report what they've built. I'm really excited to see what comes from that because Workspace has a unique characteristic within our IT ecosystem, which is everybody has it. So it's there, and even if they have nothing else, they're going to use it to create something out of the ordinary, even if we don't necessarily want that particular thing from an IT governance perspective, but they're going to create it. And we've seen, even before Gemini, some really extraordinary creativity by the users to build. I've seen people build an ERP out of a bunch of Google Sheets. I've seen people build a manufacturing execution system out of App Scripts. And you kind of think, is that really something we want? But hey, they had the problem. They went and solved it with the tool that they had, which was Google Workspace, and it worked out. And I'm sure we're going to see a lot of the same effects with Gemini as we go forward, where people are just going to find ways to use it that we would never have thought of in our guidelines and policies and trainings and whatnot. Just to add on to what Jeremy highlighted, on some of the things on our side, we felt like Gemini helped DocuSign create a generative AI sandbox with the right guardrails. That was actually the first step. We were not concerned about, is our data going to leak? Are they going to train their models with our data? So we actually felt the level of comfort because of the inbuilt security that came with Google Workspace. And then on the qualitative side, as part of our extended pilot, we actually had a very clear metrics where we actually had around 67% of our users that actually said they felt like they got anywhere from one to four hours of productivity within their own unique persona. Another 17% said they actually got two to four hours on a weekly basis. And then 80% said they actually felt like Gemini was creating a positive impact in their day-to-day work. So that was extremely powerful for us. And then on the quality, on the, a little bit on the feedback, it was interesting to see how our users were guiding us. And there are some examples I want to highlight. We had a sales consultant who was actually in a little bit of a competitive match with a competitor. He took all of the different data sources, fed it to Notebook LM, including the intelligent agreement management capabilities from DocuSign and from the competitor, and created a podcast to highlight objectively what are the different platform capabilities and which solution is more suitable to the customer digital transformation and vision. And I listened to that podcast, I think it was around maybe seven or nine minutes. It was extremely powerful. Just to highlight is when you create an innovative ecosystem with the right guardrails, you see this, and what this person did is he actually shared it with the rest of the go-to-market org, and they're actually transforming what they're thinking about for future. I don't think a lot of salespeople like to spend a lot of time in data analysis. I don't think that actually, that's a level of excitement that come to work. They love the fact when they're competing and fighting to win the business. So you actually have an amazing example, and that is something that can scale. The second example was actually listening to our customer success manager. Every time somebody actually responds, before that, he would actually spend hours to see what that customer is using, what do they want to do for future, and what other capabilities intelligent agreement management can provide. Now, he actually has that draft handy in a matter of minutes that he can start. And that leads to the way we are thinking about in DocuSign that we will be human-led and AI-scaled. But we are just learning. And then the other example was from our growth analyst. Somebody saying, now he can actually trade with Google Sheet analysis. He is saying, all of the data, the raw data, it takes a matter of minutes for him to see what are the trends for future. So now, in all of these examples, we are actually letting AI scale, but human is still in the center, but they're doing what they're passionate about, whether it's a sales, whether it's a customer success manager. So those are the things that we are actually seeing, but this is just initial part of the journey, and I think we'll learn a lot more from our end users, and then we'll also take a deliberate point of view as well. So on the WEX side, similarly, we are doing some of the similar measurements in terms of productivity and self-reported hours of kind of time back for our employees, leveraging Gemini. We are seeing about two-thirds of our employees using the Gen.AI tools for employee productivity per week. So that's 4,500 employees approximately. The examples that people are coming up with are really amazing and interesting. The podcast one, we have a podcast example, which is pretty cool. But we're seeing a lot of the stuff that you're hearing about with Gen.AI and Gemini on Google Suite around making it quicker to do emails, quicker to create documents, especially drafts. So not necessarily final product, but if you have your own draft, you can ask Gemini to help you make it better. So we're seeing a lot of those use cases. One of my personal favorites is using Gemini on Google Meet to make virtual backgrounds that are topical. So I'll either do it based on the people who are attending or the weather or which country we're having a meeting with or more specifically around the topic, like creating a robot background for a Gen.AI meeting. meeting. So that's one of my personal favorites. But we are seeing really cool things that people are coming up with, like using Gems to make our problem definitions and stories better for our development organization. So having like, using the Gem and training it to recognize high quality stories versus not high quality stories and so that when those stories hit the development teams, they're going to be more consistently at a higher level of quality, which is going to help them deliver better. And then Notebook.LM is really interesting. Lots of use case examples there. One of them is from our product organization where they put a whole bunch of transcripts from customer interviews into Notebook.LM and then ask Notebook to provide back feedback of like, what are the common themes here? What are the ideas for new products or enhancements to products? And just kind of making that whole ideation exercise go faster for our product people. But there's many, many, many dozens of examples that we were seeing through our, like I said, the hackathons and the innovation labs and recognition that we're doing at WEX. So we don't have time for too many of those, but there's a lot of amazing things that people are coming up with that we never would have known. We're not telling them what to do with these tools, but we're saying, hey, these tools are available, they're safe. Experiment. And let us know what you're doing. That's excellent. You teased at or hinted at Gems a little bit. Can you explain for everyone a little bit of what Gems is? Yeah, so Gems are a specialized version of Gemini where you provide it prompts and information that make your next set of questions much more relevant. So it's, you can, we've had other examples where we've had people create a contract interpretation gem. so we have a lot of technology contracts with suppliers and, you know, they have lots of terms and conditions, long documents. So we've had someone in the organization load a bunch of these into Google and then be able to then ask questions so that the Gem is basically an expert in technology contracts. But there's, again, unlimited number of examples of that as well, which is a pretty cool use case. I like hearing about all of these because they go in so many directions. I'll throw on to your earlier point. We're still trying to automate and figure out how to get the salespeople to enter the data into CRMs. It's a different challenge, different one to solve for. There are obviously the leaders and the laggards. You're going to have people across your organization that gravitate to these things quickly. and you've provided some examples. What are you doing to be thoughtful about those that have a really difficult time giving up their BlackBerry? I think, you know, I'll start. On our side, it's change management is extremely critical. You know, all of us, including myself, you know, I actually have a certain way. So anything, you know, that somebody wants me to do something new, enablement is extremely critical. Sometimes as a technologist, you know, we might feel like, you know what, hey, they'll figure it out. But on our side, we feel like enablement is extremely valuable. Change management is critical. We've actually approached a methodical to say we'll actually have a pervasive AI training and enablement and we'll also do a vertical AI change management and enablement. For example, there are certain foundational capabilities of Gemini, you know, for example, Gems, Notebook, but then there's a way for a CFO org to use something that is actually very targeted for that persona. So we want to be able to actually double-click with them to say, what are the things you're looking for and how can we enable you versus a go-to market, versus a customer success. So we are actually thinking about, we actually are executing on horizontal enablement, but on top of that, we're actually doing vertical enablement, but vertical enablement is actually done in partnership with our different members where they co-create with us and then they feel like they're more part of the journey. And then the other thing is sometimes just highlighting efficiency, efficiency, can actually create something, a different mindset. I think it might be helpful to say, this is something that actually enables a growth mindset. Look at that salesperson. You know, if he can actually do another 10 deals without spending that level of analysis, that's the growth mindset. So sometimes we have to figure out is, you know, yeah, you have to be pragmatic about efficiency, but we also should be thinking about the growth mindset. Can we do more with this? And how do we actually eliminate some of the rocks in our shoes and have some of this technology think more from a growth mindset? And Jeremy, on a slightly different point, I was, I remember being kind of skeptical when Google produced the Gemini app separately from Gemini in Workspace. And having thought about it more since, I think it was actually a great idea, particularly for those people who aren't too comfortable yet with jumping feet first into generative AI because they can continue working within Workspace with, and being nudged into working slightly differently without having to draw them to the deep end and start working completely differently from one day to the next. But when they're going to want them, all those capabilities are there without having to kind of shove, you know, notebook LM and Gemini app and so on down their throats when they're not ready for it. So I think the architecture and the user experience have been really well thought out from that point. I think there's a few places where it'd be nice if we could have more, more, more, more, more ways to tune, you know, how much the users are seeing, how much they're being nudged because some of them do have a desire for an off switch at some point. But overall, I think it really works to cater to all kinds of users in that one ecosystem. Well, it was actually a key consideration leading up to Jan 15 to have some of those controls to make sure you had some level of control until you were able to go through your security, your due diligence, your legal team. So that's, we can definitely bring that back to the product team, though. Anything to add? Yeah, I think we're, again, we're taking a multi-pronged approach to this. We are communicating about AI and what the company is trying to achieve with AI on a regular basis from the top leadership all the way through goal setting, so which is another way of helping, encouraging people to move forward and embrace this stuff. We're also, again, as I said, highlighting and rewarding and advertising inside the company those innovative ideas that are leveraging AI and, you know, to Saron's point, demonstrating that people who are using these tools are not just more productive, which is, yeah, that can go both ways, but also they're higher performers. And so it's like, hey, if you want to be a higher performer, it's also some cool stuff, right? So we're trying to take all of those approaches as well as making sure that there is training resources, support resources, a place to go for questions, a place to raise concerns so that people who are feeling more nervous about it have an avenue to get support. But you're always going to have the curve no matter what, but we're trying to shift as many people, you know, into the more proactive side of that curve as we can. Well, like I said before, I'd love to spend time with all three of you more time to learn more and more. I want to thank you all for coming out to next, but I want to thank you very much for spending this time with us, with the audience. And again, thank you all for attending. Enjoy the rest of Next and have a great evening. Take care. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.