 Hello, everyone. Welcome to Google Cloud Next. In 2024, we shipped more than 3,000 product advances across Google Cloud and Workspace. Here at Next, we'll be sharing over 500 customer stories showcasing real business innovation. Let's hear more from a special guest. A warm welcome for the CEO of Google and Alphabet, Sundar Pichai. Last night, I was on stage at the Sphere to share a new collaboration. We are introducing the Wizard of Oz to a new generation using Google AI. With Google Cloud, we see AI as the most important way we can help advance your mission. Today, I'm proud to announce our seventh generation TPU, IronWood, is coming later this year. It's the most powerful chip we have ever built and will enable the next frontier of AI models. Gemini 2.5 Pro is now available for everyone in AI Studio, Vertex AI, and in the Gemini app. I'm also excited to announce Gemini 2.5 Flash, our low latency and most cost-efficient model with the world thinking built-in. Google Cloud offers an AI-optimized platform with leading price, performance, precision, and quality. And new today, everything you need to build and manage multi-agent systems. Today, we are announcing that Gemini can run on Google Distributed Cloud locally in air-gapped environments, as well as connected environments. NVIDIA is an important partner for Google and our customers. Today, I'm pleased to announce three new innovations with Gemini in Workspace. Help me analyze in Google Sheets, which guides you through your data, audio overviews in Google Docs, where you can interact with Docs and Google Workspace flows to help you automate time-consuming, repetitive tasks, and to make decisions with more context. With Gemini, Imagine, Chirp, Lyria, and Veo, Google is the only company that offers generative media models across all modality. And all of them are available to you today on Vertex AI. In just the last year, we've seen over 40 times growth in Gemini use on Vertex AI. Now with billions of API calls each month, Vertex AI gives you easy access to over 200 curated foundation models through our model gardens. Following the introduction of Vertex AI agent builder last year, we're announcing today a new agent development kit. It is a new open source framework that simplifies the process of building sophisticated multi-agent systems. We're also introducing a new agent-to-agent protocol that allows agents to communicate with each other regardless of the underlying model and framework. We're putting AI agents in the hands of every employee with Google Agent Space. Customer engagement suite is transforming customer service. The business impact that Verizon experienced is nothing short of extraordinary. Today, we're announcing new code assist agents to help with everything from modernizing code to helping with the full software development lifecycle. Security agents can dramatically increase in the speed and effectiveness of security analysts. We're introducing Google Unified Security. Google Unified Security brings together unmatched visibility in one converged security solution running on a planet-scale data fabric. What an amazing time for all of us to experience and work with these technology advances. We are honored to be building this new way to cloud with each of you.