 Adam Michelson Hi, I'm Adam Michelson, Group Product Manager at Google Cloud. Today we'll be doing a recap of One Network, which is a way that you can apply services uniformly across your applications, as well as enable policies to deploy across your organization. A challenge for many organizations is they have siloed applications, with heterogeneous runtimes running in different environments. This fragmentation often leads to increased complexity and a drag on innovation, especially when trying to introduce reusable services across different technical stacks, or when you want to enable security or governance policies consistently and uniformly across your organization. Today we'll review how the network can help alleviate these issues with an approach we call One Network. So, what is One Network? One Network is an architectural approach, not an individual product. One Network is designed to run across all computer platforms, across environments, for managed services or SaaS, and all paths. And once you have One Network enabled, services can be integrated at the network layer to be used by applications, and policies can be uniformly enforced across your organization. This can be done without any major application refactoring. So, what is the One Network architecture? It contains two key components. The first is a proxy that serves as a common building block across your application data planes. So, what is the One Network architecture? It contains two key components. The first is a proxy that serves as a common building block across your data planes. At Google Cloud, we're using the open source Envoy proxy, which is natively built into Google Cloud networking products, such as load balancers, service mesh, GKE gateways, and more. And by using open source Envoy sidecars, or gRPC service mesh, customers can bring One Network capabilities on-premises to other clouds, or even on mobile devices, stretching the One Network across services within your organization. The component is using One Control Plane. At Google Cloud internally, we're using Traffic Director that supports XDS APIs. This universal control plane delivers configurations consistently across Google products. Additionally, you may use products like Cloud Service Mesh, or open source XDS compatible products to enable a uniform control plane across Google Cloud and your other environments. So, how do organizations go about deploying One Network for themselves? It takes a few steps. One, you identify relevant paths where you want to apply uniform policies or insert new reusable services. Two, you identify the infrastructure components where you want to enable One Network capabilities, and you may choose from a wide variety of networking components to choose from. You can use Cloud Load Balancers, Service Mesh, GKE gateways, egress proxies, etc. And once these components are in place and enabled with a common proxy like Envoy, you will now be able to orchestrate policies uniformly across your organization. When you are done, your architecture may look like this. Here we have Envoy proxies enabled in all of our networking paths to get end-to-end coverage. So we can apply uniform policies across your organization. And one incredibly powerful capability of Envoy proxies is they support extensibility with Xproc filters. These filters can execute custom logic in the data path. Google Cloud has enabled these capabilities with service extensions available in Load Balancers, and CDN, with more networking components to come. With Envoy filters and service extensions, your network becomes an extension of your application layer, where any service can run and be integrated into applications from the data path. These can include universal observability tools, multivariate testing tools, DLP, AI safety products, etc. Here's a quick example. Say a pager goes off in the middle of the night, and we see that data in a specific region is failing. Now let's run through a specific example. Say your pager goes off in the middle of the night, and we see workloads in a specific region are failing. The first thing we want to do is drain traffic away from that region. With One Network, this can be done consistently. We will send a signal to all One Network compliant infrastructure to direct traffic away from the one region and into the second. And each One Network compliant component will act uniformly to drain traffic away from the region in a consistent way. Now in review, One Network is an architectural approach. It shifts down capabilities into the network to enable common policies and integration of services across environments. Google Cloud has One Network capabilities natively built into our network, and you can extend it using open source projects like Envoy or gRPC. Here are a few simple steps to determine if One Network would be beneficial for your organization. One, you can evaluate where you can gain benefits from this approach. Two, you can select the tools that best fit your organization. And three, you can plan and commit, as achieving One Network is an iterative journey. Thank you for joining this recap on One Network. We hope you find it beneficial for yourself and for your organization.