 Hi there. We're going to talk about Oracle and Google Cloud, specifically analytics and feeding your data into the system from Oracle Database. Gen.ai is transforming everybody's businesses today, and we all want to talk about it and get our slice of the pie. But specifically with analytics, it's a different animal for you. Back in the day, we had the concept of taking data out of a database, feeding it into a dashboard, and just extracting that business data that we had. Now you've got the ability to take data from all kinds of sources, public sources, other places of media that you have, put that in together and drive your business operational insights out of that. So think about if you were running a mobile food truck, and you know that there's a new shoe drop that's coming out, people are going to be waiting around, you definitely want to go and drive over to that business, you're going to end up getting more out of it. So we can do all kinds of things when we combine our Oracle data and public sources, and combine that with AI. Again, moving from Oracle, we have excellent database leadership, we all know what Oracle can bring to the table, and then you get the AI of Google to be able to combine all that together to give you the best of breed from both of these vendors. Looking at running this directly on Google Cloud, we have the ability to run Oracle databases straight on Compute Engine. It's a standard architecture, deploy VMs, deploy Oracle, do whatever you need to do. When we deploy Oracle on Google Compute directly, you have the option to deploy whatever version of the database you need. If you've got older applications that still can't upgrade from version 11.2, there's no worry, you can still do that today. You can deploy this using all of the standard technologies that you're used to and migrate using Data Guard or Golden Gate, protect your systems, monitor and manage with Enterprise Manager. You can then take that, scale it up to very large VM instances. We can go up to 192 cores or vCPUs on a VM instance. That gives you the ability to massively go with large scale VMs and run Oracle databases, even some of the most extreme cases that you've got. We can also give you up to 10 gigabytes per second of throughput from a single VM. As we all know, with Oracle databases, the storage is the problem. And now we have the ability to give you massive throughput, not just IOPS, in a nice cost effective solution. Looking at this for us, what we can do with HyperDisk, balanced and HyperDisk extreme, we've decoupled needing to provision performance based on the size of the disk. You can provision a simple one terabyte disk and give that up to 2.4 gigabytes of throughput or 160,000 IOPS. And you can increase this on demand as you need to. So in the example here, we've got a workload where we were hitting a peak and we were repressing the database and the storage really hard. We didn't want to have to take an outage. We just increased the storage throughput and performance on the fly. The database kept running and we just moved right back up to what we needed to get through that peak. Finally, going back towards analytics, we have the ability using Google native solutions like DataStream to pull data out of any of the data sources that you have and start to combine all of those into BigQuery so that you can truly get those advanced analytics that you were looking at before. To talk quickly about one of our customers that's doing this today, Sabre. You probably haven't heard of them, but they're one of the leading industries when it comes to travel and technology. They've been doing this for over 50 years. They manage all of their critical Oracle database systems on Google Cloud with over a thousand databases running on Compute Engine today. These databases run all kinds of high performance workloads like airline check-ins, ticketing, reservations, anything that you need that has to do with the travel agency. All of those things are going through Oracle databases running on Google Cloud today. What Sabre was able to do as part of their journey in modernizing and migrating to Google Cloud is they built full CI-CD pipelines. So every single failure or issue that they had when they were building out this environment, they've rolled that into a test. And now when they release a new image, they just run their straight CI-CD pipeline, test image destruction, backup recovery, and if anything fails, they go back, reiterate, and follow normal best practices when it comes to DevOps. Finally, looking at analytics, what Sabre is able to do is operationalize all of their internal analytic data, put all of this into Looker, and be able to tell them at any point what their databases look like, what their entire estate is, over a thousand databases running in Google. This really helps us be able to truly get analytics and AI together. Thank you.