 Well, good morning, and welcome, and thank you for joining this session, Personalizing Public Health and Human Services, Stories of Support and Care. My name is Tony Orlando, and I lead an organization at Google Public Sector that focuses in security, collaboration productivity, data analytics, and of course, in this era, artificial intelligence for transformation and better mission outcomes. I'm excited to be here today with our panel, who I'll introduce here in a few minutes, to discuss revolutionizing healthcare and really to the end of personalizing public health and human services. Doing so, leveraging cloud, AI, and data analytics to streamline eligibility, automated administrative processes, and provide greater access to critical services. We truly are in a new era of innovation. Working with our customers, we transform citizen experience, modernize applications and workflows, and deliver against mission outcomes. We pride ourselves on solving some of the problems that up until now simply were not solvable. The transformative potential of technology and healthcare, it truly is. It's exponential and it's unprecedented. Tailored interventions, resources, and communication strategies can lead to more effective and engaging care. And modern cloud platforms can not only deliver modernized personal care, but it can do so securely, protecting personal and sensitive information and data, being compliant, while at the same time delivering on efficiencies and productivity across public health and human services. At Google, we truly do believe in public sector that we should provide the same access of cutting-edge AI and security that's available in the commercial sector, across health and human services, across public sector. And at Google, we took a different approach to enable that. We certified our commercial cloud for public sector. Our goal is for any of our services that you see out there in the commercial sector to be made available for government, to give you the same tempo and access that the commercial sector has versus gov clouds, which lag in innovation. We're pioneers at Google in zero trust, and we offer a full approach in our tech stack that enables to bring the best of security and AI to these mission-critical applications across healthcare. We'll continue to invest as Google public sector in our accreditation of the commercial cloud so that you in the public sector can keep pace with the commercial rate of innovation. And how do we do it? Our strategic advantage is truly tied to our full-stack approach to AI. And you may have heard about this in other sessions, but just to revisit it, we're providing innovation across every layer of the tech stack, from the data center and the chips, to research models, and to products and platforms. This allows us to drive efficiencies throughout the entire tech stack, from training to developer productivity, to secure scalable products with billions of active daily users. And as the public sector in healthcare begins to move from AI pilots to mission-critical production deployments, this full-stack offering truly does become critically important. And with that, thank you for indulging me for five minutes, we're going to bring this to life. Let's hear directly from our customers who are truly benefiting from this approach in public healthcare with AI. I'm going to ask our panelists to come on up and join me, and I will move on over here. And it is quiet in here. Good morning, everybody. Hope you're doing well. Get some energy. Yes. All right. How's everybody doing this morning? Great. Doing well? Great to be in Vegas, isn't it? Yeah, look at it. They say not really. So, let's get started, shall we? Jump right in. I'm going to ask each of our panelists to introduce themselves. And we'll start with Stephanie, who's the director at the Colorado Office of eHealth Innovation. Stephanie, tell us a little bit about you, your role, and your mission. Awesome. Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone. I'm Stephanie Puglisi. As Tony mentioned, I'm the director of the Office of eHealth Innovation, fondly known as OHI. Like, oh, hi. And we are an office located in the Lieutenant Governor's Office. So, a few layers down. Government bureaucracy, what can you do? And our charge is really to coordinate health IT throughout state agencies, as well as the entire state of Colorado. So, we work closely with all of our health agencies, of course, but as well as Department of Corrections, Labor and Employment, local affairs, to really make sure that we're understanding whole person health from the perspective of our fellow Coloradans. So, excited to be here today. Excellent. Thanks for joining us. Really appreciate it. And Kate, State Opioid Treatment Authority, SOTA, at the state of Arizona, health care cost containment. Kate, same to you. Please introduce yourself. Tell us a little bit about your role and your mission. Absolutely. Thank you. Good morning. And I'm so happy and pleased to be on this panel with everyone. I am, as Tony just said, the State Opioid Treatment Authority. I also am the Women's Services Network Coordinator for the state of Arizona. So, in those two hats, I am really focused on opioid use disorder treatment and recovery and prevention, particularly in our priority population of pregnant and parenting women, and with a significant focus on neonatal abstinence syndrome. So, that's my frame. My background is in childhood development. Not a clinician. I'm a systems thinker. And so, I'm really here to talk about how we are really building out and optimizing our understanding of the data we collect about the people we serve and the services we provide to be sure that we are having our system of opioid treatment and use disorder services be led by the people who need that support, not led by models or frames or theory that is not grounded in real lived experience. So, that's what we're building out through a wide variety of updates to a treatment locator that I get to talk about later. That's great. Thanks, Kate. And lastly, we've got Phil, Associate Vice President of Research at Wayne State University. Phil, over to you. Thanks, Tony. And good morning to everybody. I'm Phil Levy, Professor of Emergency Medicine at Wayne State University, where I also serve as Associate Vice President for Translational Science in the Office of the Vice President for Research. And my work really focuses at present on trying to deliver population health at scale. So, really looking through the lens of prevention and understanding, combining geospatial analysis and targeted outreach, how we can bring care to the masses and really target a future where we don't have to have 50-year-olds showing up in emergency departments with strokes and heart attacks because we get them the care they need to prevent these adverse outcomes. And I will say that a lot of what has evolved over the last couple of years has been the ability to use at-scale geospatial analysis through the resources that we've developed with Google. That's outstanding. I mean, what a panel. It's an honor to be up here with such professionals. So, I can already tell, have a great conversation today. So, let's start with this question. And how about we have each of you take a run at it? What is the key challenge that you're solving for? And how are you looking to technology to solve the challenges when it comes to access, personalizing health care, and improving patient outcomes? Start with yourself. Sure. That's a big one. It's hard to boil it down to one challenge. But I think the bucket of challenges that our office really focuses on is around interoperability. And so, in Colorado, as in probably every state and our nation and the world, we have so many systems for physicians and care coordinators and therapists to be logging into and tracking often duplicate data for their patients that really wears them down. And then from the patient perspective, of course, your data is kind of all over the place. I become enraged when I have to go to a doctor and fill out a paper form when I know that they have access to this information. And so, really focused on trying to leverage our technology that does already exist, as everyone in this room knows, in support of both our care providers as well as our patients. And so, we look at that both in kind of the, again, the geographic state of Colorado and working with our providers. But we also look internally at our state systems. We have seven provider directories just in the state of Colorado that often have probably the same provider has to fill out disparate, you know, they have different forms to fill out to make sure their information's up to date. And we're trying to put kind of a front end on that, right? So, from the back end, there's no way that any of those seven agencies are going to give up their provider directory and agree to join another one. Right. And so, we're trying to say, okay, you can all keep your provider directory. Let's look at the front end and make this easier for physicians and automatically update what we can there. That's just an example. But we hope that those types of solutions are really the bridges across the systems that we already have that will save us time, money, efficiencies, and honestly, most of all, burnout, right? Burnout's really important. And that's from both the patient and the provider perspective. Outstanding. Phil, love to hear your perspective. I want to jump off on the burnout side because it's obviously a big thing. I haven't seen the pit, and I'm sure many of you guys have. I was just reading an article in the Times this morning about how, while it's wonderful entertainment, it's also a great representation of the challenges in healthcare today when you see people getting treated in hallways and emergency departments and someone waiting on a stretcher for three days to get moved to a room upstairs. That's very, very real. And is the problem that we're not efficient enough in the healthcare system, or is that the problem that the system itself is just broken? You've heard that before. The system is broken. But what does that really mean? Well, you take payer populations, 30%, 40% of covered lives aren't engaging in annual wellness or prevention services. Yet a lot of the stuff that we see where people develop acute complications are entirely preventable. How do we re-engineer the system so that we know not only what we need to do, but where we need to do it? So a lot of the work and the problem I'm trying to solve for is to step back and say, okay, we have overcrowding in ERs. We have higher utilization than we want, but that's the symptom. It's not really the issue. The issue is that we need to be able to deliver services to people on their terms. And we really need to reimagine what healthcare should be. A lot of the work that we do, especially grant-funded work that I engage in, it's a workaround for the problems. You have to step back and say, what's the fundamental system we all would like? And I think it's one where people have unfettered and barrier-free access to prevention services at scale. There's no reason that a Medicaid patient or even an employed individual should have to take half a day off of work or take three buses to get to a doctor's office. Can't we do delivery in communities? So when we started our program of mobile health outreach, initially it was population-level pandemic response. How do we get testing to the masses and then vaccinations? But we really migrated to a vision of portable population health. But if you're going to do that, how do you know what the community needs are before you get there? How do you know where the problems are? And then how do you track over time what you did and was it better after than before you got there? And the only way to do that is start to think about how you integrate multidimensional data so that geospatially and temporarily you can understand risk in communities. You can show that outreach and efforts are doing something. And you do it in partnership with payers because at the end of the day, if you don't have payers on board, it's not sustainable and it's never going to be a new way of delivering health care. Yeah. I referred to it as revolutionizing health care in my opening remarks. I like the reimagining health care. Yeah. Good to you. You know, I feel like I'm with kindred spirits on the stage here. Um, so I'm going to riff a little bit on the understanding the geography of, of the state you live in, right? And understanding how to reach people where they are with what they need, when they need it in ways that feel like help rather than here's your referral over there. It's going to take you three hours to get to the hospital. You're going to have to get childcare. You're going to have to transportation. And no, we don't pay for you to transport your baby and you only you. So we, so Godspeed, right? I mean, that's the system that we have. So I think that what I'm really working to solve for, and I think what Arizona Medicaid is really trying to solve for is understanding how and where our communities and our counties are at risk and at risk for what, right? Because it's, it's this intersection of social determinants of health, of known adverse childhood experiences and cultural, um, cultural bias and stigma and harm and trauma that inform the way systems work in communities. Now we can't pretend that's not real, right? That's where families and people live. That's where doctors practice. Um, and I think we need to, we need to figure out how to visualize that framework laid over the actual geography of the state, right? The actual, where do roads go? How far is it to drive? And oh, is it a paved road or is it a dirt road up in the mountains? And you have mud season, snow season, ice season, and maybe for a couple of months you can drive out and it takes you half an hour to get to a paved road. But in those other seasons, you can't even leave. So if we have people who live in food deserts, in healthcare deserts, mental health, dental health, physical healthcare deserts, how are we supporting them to be healthy and access the preventive care? So that's sort of the landscape we're in. And so we want to use technology to pull all of that together. So my dream, right? My dream is to have like this three-dimensional map of the state for real with pin dots. Where are the hospitals? Where are the critical care units? Where are the physicians that we're actually paying to deliver services? Because they've submitted a claim to, which is different than here are the physicians licensed and here's where they practice. But if they're not actually doing the work, then we shouldn't consider them to be a resource if they're not actually doing it. And so pulling all of that together in a way that is accessible, that people can search using words they use, right? Not having to have clinical jargon, not having to have specific diagnoses, but being able to say, I need help. Okay. How can we help you? Well, I live in Parker. Team Kate's out there. Leah's. Barbara's out there. I live in Parker and I'm homeless and I need help for my, you know, DCS is going to take my kids and I need to get into treatment. I need help. That's a real thing, right? And if you're in Parker, you don't have very many options at all. But we have anecdotal stories of that. We have lived stories that people say, but we don't have that data captured anywhere. And so this is an opportunity to pull in all of those questions, theme them, strand them, and then overlay them over what we do know. Here's the geography. Here's where people are located. Here's where our covered members are located. Here's where we're contracted with. Here's what we know about where's the gap, because here's a real story. How can we solve it with the system we have? And that's where AI is going to come in in a big way. Yeah. Insightful. And it's exciting to hear your vision. And I know you're working on it and bringing that to life. All right. Let's go a little bit deeper. So, Stephanie, you know, you're the lead entity. You're the lead entity in health IT across Colorado. Share with the audience what's working in the public and private sector partnerships that you've established in statewide digital health initiatives. And what role is AI playing in reshaping those collaborations? Sure. Sure. So, as part of our role as the state health IT entity, we roll out the Colorado health IT roadmap every three to five years. The state loves a roadmap. I don't know if your entities are like that, too, but we just love a roadmap. And so this is really our strategic plan for, again, every three to five years. We keep it broad on purpose because we know how quickly technology evolves and also how long it takes for the state to really make change. Right. And so we have to balance that those timelines. And that's challenging. And so we actually are about to release our 2025 Colorado health IT roadmap this month. So stay tuned. And so we're going to be able to do that. But really, that's how we share with the state, with our public and private partners, to say, here's what we've heard from our communities that we need to focus on. And by community, I truly mean we took a road trip around the state of Colorado. We went to all the corners. We went up and down what we call the front range, which is where most of the population lives. We went to the eastern plains. We went to the western slope. And we heard a lot of really compelling and shared needs across size of providers, types of providers, geographic space, population focus. And that's, again, how we focus on what we can truly make change in as the state. But that also shares with our partners, hey, these are the needs. And here's what Ojai and our partners can fund and can advocate on a policy level and can push forward for advocacy. And here's where we can. Right. And so we really try to call out, here's what we heard. Here's what Ojai is going to cover. And we really keep consistent initiatives throughout the years as well, because although we make progress toward them, we haven't solved health equity. We haven't solved the digital equity problem or the digital gap. We haven't solved rural connectivity. And so with each roadmap, we make progress there. But it also, again, really illustrates to our partners, here are opportunities for you to come into Colorado and really focus on helping us fill those gaps. Give us your ideas and we'll try to make them happen. Right. Or if we can't make them happen, we'll find partners who can't. And so we really try to be a bit of a matchmaker with problems and solutions as well for those areas that we really don't have the bandwidth, capacity, funding, or honestly, the executive support or are covered by another entity. Right. So a lot of what I hear about is workforce. And absolutely, we know that there are challenges in the healthcare workforce and broadly, you know, other jobs that support healthcare workers. However, that's really not my lane. And so that's where when I hear community members or advocates coming to me and saying, hey, we really we want more community health workers. We want to make sure that they're getting technology training, et cetera. I have to look to my partners. And so we actually have a pretty specific and unique program at our Pueblo Community College. So it's south of Denver, about two hours. But that's where I really try to connect those dots, too, and say, you know, that's really not my area. But we have our Department of Labor Employment. We have an apprenticeship team. We have the Pueblo Community College. And now I have this advocate who has all of the time and enthusiasm to help make that come forward. Right. And so that's not something that I'm directly involved with or my team's not directly involved with it. But it gets kind of counted in our roadmap because it is critical to our health IT infrastructure. It is critical to our healthcare ecosystem. And it needs to be kind of tracked toward progress so that in three to five years, well, actually now we track our progress, of course, across the years as well. We can say, hey, we want to celebrate this win. And that really helps keep people coming back to work with us as well because it's not something that we say, oh, great idea. We'll take it and do it. We say, great idea. How about you do it? Right. And so that's where, too, we have an advisory board, the eHealth Commission, that's made up of public, private, and nonprofit partners. So these are leaders in hospitals, health information exchange, data analytics organizations, behavioral health providers. And, you know, I could go on and on. But if they come to me and they say, hey, I see a gap and I have an idea, I say, that's awesome. Are you ready to run with it? Right. And we will support you. I, you know, if I have team capacity, I will pair you with a team member. And if not, I will find a way to do it. But I, you know, I can't be the single person to lead this. And my team can't. Our team is 15 people. We can't fix all of health IT in Colorado. And so regarding AI, I think I'm going to take a harsh left there. AI is, I've been so truly inspired coming to this conference and learning how quickly AI is evolving and what wonderful opportunities are coming about. I think my challenge that Kate might relate to the most is that the state is very risk averse. Right. And so our other local governments and, you know, I'll stop there. It's a very risk averse environment for a reason. And so that's not a bad thing necessarily. But when you work at the intersection of innovation and technology, it is incredibly challenging. You know, timelines, executive support, funding, all of it. Right. There's not really an easy path that we have. And that also doesn't mean that we don't do it. And so I'm excited about the possibilities of AI. We certainly have kind of like the, I'm going to call it the basic AI that we can have access to as state employees. As far as kind of baking it into our solutions, that's going to be a multi-year argument, frankly. You know, and I think in Colorado, it's interesting, too. We have our governor came up in technology and kind of has that that part of him that loves innovation and technology. But then he, too, is now in the middle of state bureaucracy. And, again, that risk aversion lives there for a reason. And so I think being really thoughtful and intentional of the boundaries we put around AI and sharing with our partners what those boundaries are and how we can trust them is really going to be the key to bringing AI into any of our solutions. Because, frankly, we don't have AI in any of our solutions yet. And I'm feeling very behind now that I've been to this conference. I feel like, oh, man, we've got to bake this into everything we do now. And I will get nowhere with that. So I think just thinking, again, about putting those parameters in from the beginning and baking them in is going to be the key to success there. Well, we can help you move fast there. And speaking of, by the way, comprehensive roadmap, I think it's outstanding. Speaking of partnerships and collaboration, I know you're working with one of our partners, Resultant. And I've heard about GOSHI. Can you tell us a little bit about your partnership in GOSHI? Absolutely, yes. This is one of our big ones. So the Colorado Social Health Information Exchange, fondly known as KOSHI. It rhymes with Yoshi. Some systems are very hard to name, so don't give us a hard time. But we're very excited about this. This is the first of its kind in the nation. We're using, I always start with the funding. I don't know if that's interesting to this crowd, but sorry if it's not. So we started with American Rescue Plan Act funding, which is a real double-edged sword, I would say. Really aggressive timelines, which is fair, but also, yeah, pretty constricted. So we have been lucky to partner with Resultant and Google Public Sector to build this thing fast. I say all that to say, like, we have been in government timelines sprinting. So we went under contract about a year and a half ago. And we do have the foundation of the system. And what will it do, you might ask. So this is kind of an evolution on the traditional health information exchange model. And as you heard from the name, right, we're baking the social determinants of health into a health information exchange. And this won't compete with our state health information exchange. It's meant to be a vendor agnostic system. So we're not trying to run Unite Us or find help or any private sector or nonprofit out of business here. We're really focusing on the interoperability between systems that already exist. And so we're working across electronic health records, across resource directories and provider directories to ensure that referrals are given a warm handoff. And so Kate unintentionally teed me up well when she was talking about referrals earlier. Because the problem that we're trying to solve is, you know, if I'm seeking service for transportation, I can't get to my doctor's appointment. Right now, I have to find that. And even if I have, you know, a Medicaid care coordinator or my doctor, by some miracle, has a care coordinator that's willing to help me, they'll say, here's a list. Yep. Right? Printed. Printed list. All the 800 number. Here's a list. And how many of those are out of business or not taking referrals or, or, or, or, right? The barriers are endless. And we're really trying to flip that around. And instead of putting the burden on the patient and asking me in my busy life to go through and call all of these people, wondering if I'll even get to talk to someone. Because they are phone numbers, by the way. So if you hate talking on the phone, as I do, you're not going to do it anyway. Um, and so really this is saying, hey, we have the technology. Again, this is no one's surprise. We have this technology and it's actually not, well, it's not easy as I say a year and a half into this, but it's not hard. Like the technology itself is not the problem. It's data sharing. It's willingness to, again, to kind of think broader, to reimagine. And so that's been the struggle on our end, but we're really excited. We've started with a very specific population, the home and community-based service providers. And that was for a few reasons. One, funding. And two, because this population has been wildly underinvested in throughout all of our kind of technical evolution, right? The high-tech era in 2009 started with physical health providers. And behavioral health providers are, you could argue, getting some investment, but also not a lot. But home and community-based service providers really don't have much technology. A lot of their processes are still paper or just secure email. That's it. And so we're really excited to have this kind of closed-loop, warm, hand-off referral system up and going now, actually. So again, we're building use case by use case. And that's been where Resultant and Google have both been amazing to really help us think through how do we prioritize? How do we build this thing? So yeah, we're really excited. Thank you, Stephanie. Outstanding. Great stories and insights. Kate, in Arizona, you've got your healthcare cost containment system. You just launched your Gen AI First opioid use disorder service provider locator, back to the geolocation. Can you tell us a little bit about the project, how you employed Vertex, and the role that partner Sentasa played? Sure. So we built out opioid treatment locator system two or three years ago before I joined the team. And it's up and running and functional and available on our public page. So it's very, click this box and select how many miles away you're looking for services and which category and what's your zip code. And then it serves up a list of programs. You still have to open the provider card and call the, you know, it's not interactive at all. Aside from click the things you're looking for. And we really, you know, there's a lot of AI that's now available that wasn't available two years ago. And as we are working to bring together understanding of benchmark analyses and community risk assessments and understanding risk factors for opioid use disorder and understanding regulatory changes and federal changes over who can prescribe medications for opioid use disorder. We have different categories of providers now than we did two years ago. And our tool doesn't necessarily reflect that yet. We have providers who are not sure who to refer to. They see a pregnant person and don't know. They're not comfortable treating a pregnant patient for their substance use disorder, opioid use disorder, and they don't know who to refer the patient to. So the patient gets kicked down the road, which is, should not happen, but does happen on a regular basis. So we end up with patients who don't receive prenatal care, and then they end up in the ED in precipitous labor and have an infant that has been exposed to opioids for nine months and is dependent on that medication. And now we have a collision of systems in that emergency room, in that delivery room. It didn't need to be the case if we could have obstetric providers and people providing prenatal care know who else is in the sandbox with me that I can connect and bring into this care team with this patient. And on the other side of that, there are patients who find themselves in a law enforcement situation or they've lost their job and their family has kicked them out of the house and said, this is it. We're not putting up with this anymore. And whatever that history is, they're in this window of time that's like 10 minutes long before they are exhibiting and feeling withdrawal symptoms again. Right. They have this window and this window only where they are able and willing to look for help and ask for help. And that window happens whenever it happens. Right. And if we miss the boat, then we have missed the opportunity to save a life and they end up in the ED. And so what this opportunity to build out this AI, Gen AI on the Vertex platform and pulling in Google Maps, pulling in all of the opportunities to capture the narrative, capture the questions in the words that people use in the language that they use, recognizing the vast array of languages we have in Arizona beyond English and Spanish. Right. So we have, you know, a full array of African languages, sub-Saharan African languages and Asian and Indian and native languages that we need to be able to meet everyone where they are with what they need. But if our system is only in English, we are not meeting everyone where they need. Right. So pulling in all of those resources and then recognizing that people are using old phones that are not smartphones. That's the real. They're texting. Right. They're using Wi-Fi that they're sitting in a quick stop parking lot using free access Wi-Fi. They don't have minutes. They're not going to call. And so we need to be able to find a way for them to ask for the help they need, serve up programs that are in their community, have the services they need, and give them the directions. Either here's the Google map. Here's how you get there. Or here's the website. Click on the website and go and do the intake. Ask for help. I need, you know, whatever it is at the program. Or here's the phone number and let's just connect you right now. We need to be able to do that for all the people that need help in Arizona. And in order to do that when they need it, which doesn't happen Monday through Friday, 9 to 5. And it doesn't happen, you know, when the methadone dosing windows open from 6 to 2. And why it's only open from 6 to 2? I don't know who picked those hours. So we need to have this information available. It needs to be accurate. It needs to be current. It needs to be targeted and specific to what the person who needs the service needs. And on the backside of that, so the data analytics side, and this is really where the work with the really incredible team at Centasa has done, is been able to talk with me about this passion, right, and their ability to visualize the data that we already know. And move it from spreadsheets and matrices and all the things that state government is really good at generating, but doesn't tell a story. And it's not something that Stephanie or I could take a screenshot of and go to a cross-sector task force and engage other government agencies, nonprofits, private providers. Like, they don't speak whole numbers in a spreadsheet that doesn't tell the story. And it doesn't outline where the gap is. It doesn't say, here's your seat at the table. So what we can do on the back end of this Gen I informed and with the Looker capabilities and the data analytics and visualization capabilities is to pull in for the first time ever, right, real time, this is what I need. These are my questions. This is what I can't find. You know, I need help, and I live in this community to have a dog, and if I can't go to residential treatment without my pet, I'm not going. So we need to find a way to identify, here's the residential programs where you can bring a pet, and here's the criteria. Oh, look, now I can find, like, we don't have that without, here's the list of 53 programs. Call them and see who's open and who will let you bring your dog. So we can pull that into this by adding a couple fields and an icon onto the provider card and serve it up, right? So we have the opportunity now to pull in all of those questions, all those needs, all those, here are the things that I have going on in my life that I need help with. And here's how we can learn and teach our system, right? We can close that loop from people with lived experience and real needs in forming the way we build our system. And this gives us the ability to do that with real-time data that we don't have now. So it's not live yet, but we're building it, right? So I'm sandboxing it down to the Centafun booth. You can come look at it, and we can play with it. But that's what we're working with. That's outstanding. Yeah, it really is. You're modernizing your data platform so that you can fully take advantage of AI for real-time insights. Yes. Great, great story there, too. Dr. Phil, the Phoenix Project that you've been working on, Prevalence Profiler, powered by Google Cloud. Can you tell the audience a little bit about your project and the vision and the outcome? Yeah, absolutely. So this has been a five-year journey or so. We've had a lot of support and funding from the state of Michigan through the Michigan Health Endowment Fund. We've had a lot of support from Wayne State University to build this out. Phoenix stands for the Population Health Outcome and Information Exchange. And it really started with the problem statement that people in Detroit, and especially the surrounding communities, are almost two times more likely to die of heart disease than anywhere else in the state and anywhere else in the country. And as we all know, the Pareto principle apprised everything, right? 20% of health outcomes are directly attributable to the health care system itself. Most of it has to do with what everyone else does on their daily lives every day. And so we started to create a way to integrate data that we could understand at a neighborhood, a census tract by census tract level, what risk was. We pull in 70-plus different databases, each one of which has hundreds of data elements, and take proprietary EHR-type data on mean blood pressure values and ICD-10 codes for diagnoses across the ERs and in the region. And we can map out at a point in time all the different factors that are confluent to produce risk and then target outreach and deployment. But a key feature is because these are dynamic data sources, we're able to, over time, evaluate change. And so one of the things that often doesn't happen in public or population health efforts is what did you do and how did it work? And so by creating the infrastructure to do that, we can show, for instance, at a millimeter of mercury level, how blood pressure changed in a census tract by targeted outreach. That's no other system in the world that I know of that can do that right here at Wayne State University. And that couldn't have been possible without our partners in Google Cloud. When we first started this journey, we were working with a competitor's software program that only allowed us to show 10 different data elements in one place. We started working with Google, got connected with Onyx, who created our data buckets, gave us the guidance in BigQuery so that we could start to amalgamate all this information geospatially. And then the pandemic hit and we were perfectly primed to layer on top pandemic data so that we could actually target outreach with mobile units and the mobile program that we developed in Michigan to address this. And then over time, like I said, that evolved into this vision of portable population health. And what's really cool right now is that our vision for all of this, we've now extended Phoenix. It goes from Wisconsin to Massachusetts and all the states in between. You can go to the map completely free, Phoenix at Wayne State. Please look it up. And you can go and see bivariate comparisons of multiple different data dimensions you want. You can do really interesting things like take CDC places data on asthma prevalence and cross matrix it with ER utilization rates. And you can target communities that may have the same prevalence of asthma but very different utilization rates and figure out by incorporating all of the back-end data what may be contributing to this. Now, ultimately, the vision is to say, can we create a difference-in-difference AI monitoring system sort of similar to a tsunami warning buoy system, right? The reason we know tsunamis are coming is because there's buoys all out there in the ocean that detect differences in waves every single day. And so an example I like to use is in January 2020. We didn't know it at the time, but when we went back and looked at it, we were able to see that there was a spike in ER visits with temperatures above 100.6 and a spike in diagnoses with viral URI. What if we targeted that ahead of time, took the information back to the neighborhoods where these people were coming from, then started testing people? Could we have gotten ahead of this? I'm not saying we would have solved the pandemic, but I'll guarantee those were COVID cases in January before we did the first diagnosis in March. Now, where we're really trying to go with this, I know we're short on time, and I just want to finish this piece, is that if we step back and see we have the ability to do this type of data analysis, we can actually reimagine how we assess needs in communities. So we're all familiar with the community health needs assessment as a process. I don't want to upset anybody in here, but it's a relatively static process that doesn't really change a lot of health care. We all have to do it because we have to do it, but it's not informative in the moment. And any CHNA that was done in January 2020 was obsolete two months later. So let's think about making that a dynamic process. We have data streams. We don't live in a data-free zone anymore. We have reams of data. How do we start to make sense of it and make it actionable? So one of the things that we've done most recently, working with the city of Dearborn, that was interested in knowing their EMS runs for opioid use disorders and mental health disorders. We said, well, why don't we combine that data with what we know about communities from Phoenix and then find somebody who can get the community perspective? Because the reason it's not a data-driven enterprise right now is because the CHNA includes the community perspective. Oftentimes, this is survey-based, but it's not all that informative. We said, how can we get this information? Well, Sentasa, partner of you and ours as well, had been doing sentiment analysis around who wants vaccines. We said, could we do that just for general things? Can we get search engine data, social media feeds, news feeds, and can we create a process where we can automate the entire CHNA? And we have developed, and you can go to the Sentasa booth and see this, the first ever completely AI-generated CHNA, which I think is the beginning of the future. That's cool. That's very cool. It really is. All right, lightning round with the two minute and a half we have left. What is next for public health and health care? I'll start with you, Stephanie. Oh, this has been an AI conference, and I think that says it all, honestly. I think we can fill a lot of gaps that we're not going to fill otherwise with AI. I know it's a real mixed bag on whether folks are excited or terrified or both, but I think I'm excited after this. Yeah, that's great. Great to hear. Phil? Phil? What's next is that AI is going to help us know where to go and help predict what to do and help us design the interventions that are going to improve outcomes. But as we were talking before this panel, the time is now amidst the chaos to use the chaos for disruption. Time is now. Let's build the system that we want and not keep trying to layer on solutions to the broken system we have. Get started, right? Get started. Yes, and get going. Get going. Now is the time to figure out what the need is and leverage all the things we know through AI to target our resources to meet that need right now. Outstanding. Great insights and perspectives. Really appreciate each of you sharing with the audience today. Thank you, audience, for your time. If you want to see this technology in action, please stop by the public sector HubSpot on the show floor. Visit any of our partner booths, Centaza, Resultant, Onyx, all mentioned. And they're also on the show floor. Most importantly, enjoy the rest of the show today and safe travels for those that are traveling. Thank you. Thank you. See you next time. You'll see you next time. Stay tuned. You.