 Welcome everyone to the recap of our session Protect Your Cloud Data with Security Command Center at Google Cloud Next 25. So I'm Christian Gorker, I'm the Chief Information Security Officer of Deutsche Börse, which is a German stock exchange, the largest stock exchange in Europe, and I'm going to talk about data and how to secure data. At Google Next we talked about how data explodes in every direction, how much data is actually being used and has become an extraordinary asset for all enterprises. Collecting enormous amount of data from various touch points, democratize it and drive innovation with AI and ML as well as analytics has almost become an essential business function. So, but there lies the challenge. Data offers both risks and rewards. It is important to balance the risk and to reap the rewards at the same time. So now what is XDAX if we don't do that? A lot. So a solution that Google Cloud presented at Google Cloud Next is called the Data Security Compliance Posture Management. So our vision with this product is to bring the security to the data wherever it is Google Cloud or elsewhere. This means providing comprehensive coverage across security, privacy and compliance use cases. So it is an end-to-end governance for data security, privacy and compliance on Google Cloud within the Security Command Center. And Google builds it on three parts. The first part is to discover your data. You first need to understand which data you want to secure. You can discover this data with data map. Then second is to evaluate the essentials and its posture as part of the discover process. After you have discovered your data, next is you need to define how to secure your data. That is, you apply data controls to codify the outcomes of the intent. That is data access governance, flow governance, data protection and many more. And last but not least, Google also offers options to monitor and audit the solution. Now, how does this adapt to our use case at Deutsche Börse? We also have plenty of data. And to do so, we started introducing a security control definition. That is a tool which enables us to have a context-aware mapping of regulatory controls to policies. And we have plenty of regulatory controls. If you look to the Digital Operation New Zealand Act, the EU AI Act and many others and there are more to come on nearly a monthly basis. And so we start with a rule out of this regulatory controls, map it to a policy, to policy set, to posture and in the end to a security control definition. So now we know what we need to fulfill, why we need to have the security to the data. Second, what is new is what we call a security state. So you might remember finite state machines from your computer science classes. But in the end, in the core, it's understanding a state and a transition from one state to another, like opening and closing a door. You can see here on the right hand side. And now we adopt this together with a data security posture management onto Google Cloud. And this looks as follows. And as a result, we get the security state machine. So on top, we have the security control definition, which defines security from a regulatory point of view with our individual needs. And then we apply it to the preventive controls and detective controls on, for example, Google Cloud. And the important part here is that the state in the center on Google Cloud is always known. We always know how Google Cloud currently is looking like, thanks to the, for example, asset inventory or the logs, just to make sure that we always know how everything looks like. And when everything, there's a change, let's say somebody is accessing a file, somebody is creating a bucket or something like this, that's a transition of a state into another state. And you know, all we need to do is to tap into this transition from one state to another, check it against our security control definition, and then we know if this transmission or transition is actually compliant or not. If it is compliant, it has been applied. If it's not compliant, it's either blocked or sent to a finding. So that's in the end brings together the new solution from Google Cloud, DSPM, data security posture management, and Deutsche Börse's adaption to it with a security state machine. And if you combine in the end both the security state machine of our solution and the security command center and the data security posture management within, you actually get your data security validation. You know where your data is, you know how to secure it, and that's how you can combine both to be effective and successful. Thank you very much for listening.