 Hello there. My name is Pallab Debb. I'm a managing director at Google Cloud responsible for our system integrator partnerships and industry value networks. I have the good fortune of hosting a panel today with some very, very interesting topic. The topic that we addressed today was how is generative AI revolutionizing industries? And I'm pretty sure everybody can agree it's perhaps the most pertinent topic today given the fact that the technology is real, businesses clearly feel the need for getting value out of it, and honestly audiences across the globe are keen to know what is that experience of using it in real life and making real world impact. My panel consisted of David Billings. David Billings is the head of marketing services at EPAM. I also had the great pleasure of hosting Bharat Narayan. He's the SVP and head of banking financial services at Persistent. And of course, our very own Anil Jain, managing director of industry strategy and solutions at Google Cloud. All right? So let's go through the questions and how the panel kind of responded to it. Our first question was, well, how are customers leveraging Gen AI to drive business outcomes? And really the crux of it was, hey, tell us a little bit about what are you guys seeing as real world reflections of success in the way the businesses are using generative AI? And where are the largest opportunity areas? And I can't forget this, but David Billings was right off the bat with his perspective and he was very clear. Look, the biggest impact of generative AI is around democratizing data, right? This is probably where the largest amount of value is locked in. And if you were able to make data available to all audiences and all users in a manner where they can start talking to that data, you really have a lot of opportunity to unlock through that experience. And then, of course, there are the other experience areas that were talked about, the other opportunity areas that were talked about were specific to certain industries, specific to areas such as, for example, the way Bharat said it, hey, AI has got implications and value to offer in three distinct areas. Number one, AI for tech. Number two, AI for data. Number three, AI for business. And what he really meant was, look, AI can do a ton of good work when applied to the software development lifecycle, which is really AI for tech. And then, of course, when you apply to data, which I think all of us can get, make sense of, aligned to David's point on democratizing data, that was a no-brainer. And the last point was, of course, using AI for driving use cases. Honestly, folks, if you were to take anything away from this question, it's really that. Democratize your data. Use the technology in your technology. Use AI. Use AI in technology. Use AI in data. And use AI for your business outcomes. Moving on to the discussion point two, which was really all about, all right, which industries are leading the pack? I had some fun over here with the panelists. I said, guys, we're going to do this in a rapid fire round. Give me one industry and one use case. So this is what they had to say. Bharat's, and from Bharat and Persistence viewpoint, their biggest opportunity area, the biggest traction that they are seeing is in life sciences, drug discovery. David followed up by saying that, look, you know what? We are seeing a ton of opportunity and activity in marketing automation and bringing in AI to drive more personalized engagement, better user experience in the industry. So we moved on to saying that, okay, look, if this is where all the opportunity lies, it can't be all that easy to get to that, right? There are always challenges. So what were the top hurdles? And here it was easy to summarize because honestly, there was a rapid and violent agreement amongst everybody that the top three challenges were, number one, it's not the tech, it's the change management. How do you get the business to come around and accept the fact that, okay, there is AI out there that can really change and reimagine the business processes that they support? Number two, security. I think there's enormous amount of agreement that, hey, look, if this technology has to be unlocked, it has to be done in the most secure manner where customers, businesses, line of business leaders are convinced that they can be safe using generative AI in a very secure framework or a very secure infrastructure. The third part was data. Really, everybody agreed that to get generative AI or agentic AI to perform, we need to make sure that data is in place, the lineage, the governance, the cataloging of the data is in place so they could really be unlocked for driving generative AI value. And finally, I think this, on the fourth question, which is around how do you do this responsibly, I think the panel agreed that while companies like Google are doing a lot in terms of bringing AI in a responsible manner to the industry, EPAM and persistence see their role as ones to understand the responsible AI posture and use it in a manner where customers are able to not just do it, do use AI responsibly while implementing, but also continue to use AI responsibly even after the implementation is over and the project's gone live. And the last one was tricky because this was all about, hey, what are the risks to AI proliferation given everything that's going on in the geopolitical landscape? And again, here there was unanimous appreciation of one posture, which is, you know what, while we can have all of these inconsistencies and the narrative around what was going on, one thing that's certain is both companies as well as Aniljian concurred, we are not seeing customers pull back. In fact, we are seeing customers wanting to accelerate the adoption of AI, of course, with some nuanced questions to people like Google and other hyperscalers around, hey, how do you make sure that the data stays within the country, is aligned to the regulations that are evolving rapidly, but guess what? Everybody realizes if you don't adopt AI and you wait for everything to fall in place and to achieve to some steady state, you're going to get left behind. So honestly, the funny answer, or rather, the funny summarization of this was people didn't see risks or they didn't see geopolitical events being a risk, they see the geopolitical issues really becoming a catalyst to AI proliferation. I hope that kind of gives you a good summary of what this panel felt about the five questions that we had on hand, and I hope this is going to be useful for the audience here as you think about how to embrace Gen AI and Gen TKI and drive impactful business outcomes. Thank you.