 Hello everyone. Thank you for joining us. We are going to talk today about secure enterprise browsing. There's no place like Chrome. So we will talk about how to make sure what happens in the browser stays in the browser. My name is Mark Bershatsky. I am the director for product management for Chrome Enterprise and I'm joined today by... My name is Christopher Altman and I'm the product manager on the cloud side for Chrome Enterprise. Great. So let's jump right in. So there's five things that we're going to talk to you about today. First, why secure enterprise browsing? Second, simplified IT productivity and controls. Third, insider risk and data exfiltration. Fourth, secure access and ecosystem of trust. And lastly, maximize threat intelligence and telemetry. So, work is moving to the browser. Browser is becoming the new endpoint and more and more SaaS applications support that journey. And with that, the risk for data exfiltration and your security posture increases. And ransomware and multi-factor extortion is becoming a risk that needs to be managed. And this is not just happening in one place. This is happening around the world in every industry. And the number of data leaks has doubled in 2024. Which means that all of us have to ensure that our corporate environment is safe. Now, AI brings a lot of amazing opportunities, but also creates a new generation of attacks. Voice phishing scams, evolving deepfakes, social engineering attacks, identity theft and fraud, and shift to LLMs. Which means great new technology brings great new risk. We need to be ready to manage those risks. Now, there's a quote that I would like to read to all of you. Which I think talks about how important a browser is becoming and evolving. In 2030, enterprise browsers will be the core platform for delivering workforce productivity and security software on managed and unmanaged devices for seamless hybrid work experience. So, this goes back to the point that work is moving to the browser, the browser is becoming the new endpoint. Now, we'll see a very antsy slide that we built here. Wait for the animation. But in the traditional model of device management, there's a lot of complexity. You have to manage the devices, you have a lot of applications. It involves a lot of cost, a lot of connection points. That's the animation. Now, with Chrome browser as your endpoint, obviously we hope to simplify that and make this easier for you to manage. While at the same time, increase the security posture. Now, as we talk about Chrome Enterprise, there's two different offerings that are key to what we do. On the one hand side, it's Chrome Enterprise Core. Which really is about giving you enterprise controls, visibility into what's happening in the browser, and really, are there any data exfiltration events? What is happening? And on the other hand side, how do you manage extensions and extension management? So, it's all about insights and management. On the other hand side, you have Chrome Enterprise Premium, which allows you to take prevention action. Now that you have all those insights, how do you prevent those things from happening? And how do you ensure that you have data loss prevention rules that support that, right? Meaning, how do you ensure screenshot blocking, copy paste protections, and things like that to ensure now that you know that there's data exfiltration events happening to stop those. And lastly, context-aware access across your applications. How do you make sure people get access to the applications they need to get access to when they need the access, versus people just getting access everywhere, and that's not controlled. Now, from a use case point of view, there are four key use cases that we see and that we're going to talk to you about. Number one is insider risk for data exfiltration, right? If you have bad actors inside, and they try to take your sensitive data out. Number two, manage access for your unmanaged devices, which on the one hand side is BYD. On the other hand side, what if you have a big vendor workforce, or you work with a lot of vendors, how do you ensure security for those? Point three is your VDI footprint. How do you simplify that, and you optimize your VDI footprint. And lastly, you control the access to shadow IT, and you manage that. Not just getting the visibility for it, but also the control and management. Now, for Chrome Enterprise Premium, and my colleague will talk a little bit more about this, there's three parts to it. On the one hand side, there's trusted access. How do we make the browser work for you in the environment that you have with the rules that you want to apply? And that's really about context-aware access and ensuring that you can secure your corporate parameter. Number two, data loss prevention rules. There's a lot of different things that you can control with Chrome Enterprise Premium, such as print protections, copy-paste, screenshot blocking, file upload and download. And yeah, so those are key items for data loss prevention. And lastly, the browser is going to generate a lot of telemetry for you and a lot of data. And how do you use that data to increase your security posture? And that's really the power of connecting all those tools. Chris will talk a little bit more about this. What to you, Chris? Cool. Thank you, Mark. So let's actually take Chrome for a little bit of a ride here. And I'll sort of show you what using Chrome Enterprise actually feels like. So the first thing that you all know and love is Chrome. So actually, how do you use Chrome? So in the Chrome Enterprise world, all you need to do is sign in. It's really that simple. There's no deployment. It's agentless in the true sense of it. Nothing to deploy. You take your work profile. You sign in. Voila. Now that endpoint, that browser is fully managed and that user is fully protected. And just to make sure that they don't get confused if they're working at home, we clearly show that this is their work environment. We give them all these reminders that this is actually their work stuff. So keep YouTube to a limit. And if they so want to go back and forth, they can keep that entire profile separate. Separate means truly separate. The work profile and your personal profile are scaffolded and neither the twain shall ever meet. It makes it clear and transparent to the user where work begins and life begins. Now as an admin, once your users start actually logging into Chrome, and once again it's that simple, you can start seeing immediate these browsers registering. And once they register, you actually start getting a lot more information that you can push to that browser. That can be things like extension controls, the policy on that browser itself. And in mere minutes, you'll start getting this full insight to what is happening across as many users as you can imagine controls. Finally, within also mere seconds, you can actually just press a single one click button and we'll start scanning the entire fleet of those browsers you registered and we'll start seeing security insights. And security insights here are out of the box indicators of say content transfers, PII, strange sign-ins from locations you did not actually think you supported and you probably do not support. And in mere seconds, you'll be able to see that. Finally, once you've onboarded, logged in your users, as an admin you have a very clear space to aggregate all that data, to have a single plane where you can see your entire fleet and we can lead you to identify risks, take actions, have additional controls in your fleet of Chrome users. Not only is it actually easy to use, but of course this is Google, so we have to throw some AI in here and we have AI settings that tell us and tell you what are the things that you should be doing as a good security admin, Chrome admin more broadly. And we also have additional extension risks and indicators around your extension controls about what looks good and what looks bad. So you can update the policies across your entire fleet as granular and as fine controlled as you want. And to make life a little bit easier, we're also introducing a new way of signing on on Mac OS with a single sign on so you actually can enable seamless password free sign in controls on corporate resources more broadly. Finally, once you have everyone sign into your protected enclave, which is now Chrome, you can leverage what almost all your users know and love, which is a Chrome store. And you can make a custom Chrome store for your corporations and your users to onboard them to the right extensions, help them search and find the extensions and things for their needs, all within an environment that you control as an admin. Oh, there is also, that's supposed to be, oh, there it is, okay. So we're also about to introduce, and we're going to spend a whole other session on this later today, about how we're integrating agents directly into Chrome to provide faster delivery, instant search across internal data, third party, SaaS apps and internal sites right from Chrome. We have a whole session on this right after this, right next door. This allows direct access to agents-based AIs. Employees can directly trigger AI-driven searches from Chrome and get instant suggestions and summaries. So inside our risk and data, now that your customers are actually enrolled in Chrome, second question is, how do we make sure they're safe in Chrome? Once a user is signed in, next question is, given the URL, given the conditions, what are you going to allow them to do? In the Chrome world, we can say, in that website, can you upload, download, copy, paste? Can you add some screenshot blocking? Now with masking, we can also add an additional layer, which is, we not only stop the actions from the user, but also determine what the user can see on that page. In this case, we're having the secret next generation AI platform try to generate social security numbers, and on the fly, we can actually block all the social security numbers. And we can block any PII that you so want, and we can use a regex. So not only could you say, do not upload, download, copy, paste anything into this nefarious LLM, you also say, don't let the LLM give these types of data more broadly for my users to mess around with. In addition, if there's particular sensitive parts of your environments you want to protect, we can turn on additional protections like screenshot blocking, we have water marking, a whole world that makes sure that data is not extracted from the machine, even if it's seen on the machine. In addition, we're expanding our copy and paste services to expand beyond the browser, or even beyond the Chrome browser. So we allow a copy and paste boundary that says, this content can and cannot be pasted through, say, Slack to Chrome, or Chrome to Slack in this case, and maybe Chrome to Firefox. So you can create a boundary of how you're using copy and paste through your entire app ecosystem, starting with Chrome. Obviously, Chrome does not actually end on the desktop. One of the big questions we have is, how do we think of Chrome or Brawly? So Chrome expands both to iOS and Android. Starting in the mere weeks, we're going to start expanding the Chrome Enterprise Premium services to the Android space, and in Chrome and Android, and then in the mere months to iOS. This allows you to say things that if you are on an Android device, and you want to see what your registered users are doing, they will sign in, just like they would sign in with any other browser, and they would sign in to Chrome and Android, and we will be able to see the URLs. You'll be able to do context where access SAS rules. So if you have a SAS app that you want to use the mobile browser to access, you'll be able to use that mobile browser, create the rule, and say, for this device type, this user, they can actually access on their mobile this SAS app, be it Salesforce, be it Jira, name your favorite SAS app. Then when they get to that SAS app, we can expand the in-browser data controls. So saying you cannot, in Chrome, copy and paste in that SAS app, or any URL, download, upload, same thing. And this is all starting on Android now and soon coming to iOS more broadly. And that's really just the first highlights of the last three to six months of Chrome Enterprise Premium. We have a whole suite of new services that we've launched and are launching more broadly, both on the feature sets, which is a suite of classic data protections, and on the control sets about how we implement those more finely for those admins. Those can be custom controls, that can be timeouts, that can be data regionalizations, a whole suite of not only the controls, but how you implement those controls more broadly. So that is how contained and safe you are in Chrome. One of the other questions are asked about, OK, how do I actually get all my users to use Chrome? I have a complex application architecture with many different applications in different places. So how we think about this in Chrome is you have a secure access ecosystem that we want to integrate with across multiple points. So here we see a user try to assign a Salesforce with Okta and Chrome Enterprise in the backlog or background creating the signal intelligence. So in this case, they do not have the right access and they will be rejected. But if they change their profile, the signals will be shared with Okta and now they will be able to get to that Salesforce application. This is just one way in which we implement the world that we call trusted access through the identity, through the network layer and through partners. We do this many different ways. I think our biggest learning working with many customers is access comes in many flavors and many ways. So we can do it all within first party with Chrome and with identity providers. We can also do it with a whole suite of partners in many different ways. And our goal is to combine the best of breed technology across the entire spectrum and that we can integrate as needed to make Chrome work with your complicated or specific security architecture. So in practice, what that means is that we can offer many ways of doing this. So we have first party solutions from CAA and we're also introducing ways that you can use universal profiles where you can have universal BYOD support in terms of using our device trust connector. You can enroll users in Chrome work profiles and third parties to support things like Microsoft Identity, Okta and Ping coming soon. We provide client certs for Chrome, which allows us to integrate with Microsoft conditional access and specific based authentication. And then if you do want to use our first party services, we can use our own security gateway, which is our own security web gateway access that provides content where access, it combines software as service apps with IP and without IP allow listening to get that fine grain IP based access levels. And that works across managed or unmanaged devices and it can be per context where access controls. And we also have our reverse proxy ingress to provide secure access to GCP web applications. So every single web application, say on Cloud Run, immediately can be protected with identity where proxy. This gives you a whole suite of ways which to integrate with or different access systems, either with Google or without Google. And our device trust connector allows it to be seamlessly integrated with those partners. So one of the more, we'll call it, integrated solutions we're offering and starting to work together is with our friends in Citrix, AKA the Cloud Service Group. And here we're trying to take the benefits of Chrome Enterprise directly into the Citrix platform. We're adding a new level of protection that simplifies security to our joint customers. So with integration, customers can access private and SaaS web app applications easily through Citrix with Chrome to help reduce costs and improve security. This is a deeply embedded partnership where you will get the best parts of Citrix with Chrome as an interface in many cases for their private web and SaaS apps. All right. So now we have users who have been protected on access. We have said, okay, they are the right people or the right time and the right context to access this application. We have controls on the browser to say what they can do given that context, upload downloads, what they can see. And now we want to make sure that we get all that rich data and that we can add threat intelligence and collect that telemetry to provide the security across the entire ecosystem of our fleet. So in a classic security world, we have these classic defense across the attack chain illustration. And where Chrome works across all these parts is quite revealing. In the first part, if you see that phishing link, you can block it with a URL at a source. We are offering a web risk evaluation of every URL in the internet. So you can identify that risk and you can block it. You can also block it through with the attachment. We can also limit the access to any URL. So you have a list of URLs that you know are bad. We can just stop the user from going to the URL in the first place. We can create models with integral assets to identify targeting phishing attempts, which I'll get to next. And we have malware scanning on any content. So when these content goes up and down, you can have malware scanning to make sure that the users don't download that asset in the first case. But let's say they've downloaded that asset. Now, how do you actually manage them once they've downloaded it? So we can actually control the activity of that user within Chrome. So the browser can detect local signals to evaluate your requests. So for example, if you think there's some bad viruses on that desktop, you can make a context where a signal that says, do not allow access unless you see an antivirus software. We have built-in Chrome protections. So we can actually do the evaluation of threats, as I talked about, with web risk and more. We have every visit and every action can be sent downstream for deeper integrations to your store or SIM. So everything you see is transparent and can be moved and changed and seen. Finally, let's say you actually see a threat and you want to actually stop it. So you can quickly isolate, in mere seconds, a user, a browser, a collection of apps from being accessed at all. So if you see something, you can immediately create a rule that says, I don't want anyone to see that anymore. I want to block all access. I want to pull that user. You can also make immediate rules to say, okay, well, maybe I'll let them see it, but I want to actually block the map. I want to actually block the masking information. So you can do all that in mere seconds after seeing an event or a risk. And that all gets pulled down to our rich support with SecOps or any Sim and Soar, particularly SecOps. And we can use that data to actually correlate it with the broad other signals you're getting more broadly across your fleet. So looking at that thread, one of the things that we recognize that always happens in the browser to start, or usually starts in the browser, is phishing. So we want to take our phishing protections and take it up to 11. So we have, as part of Google, a product called WebRisk. And WebRisk is the foundation that looks over 10 billion URLs that are sent for scanning almost daily. And we can actually identify the bad URLs. And we can immediately say, that looks like phishing. We're going to block access. You've probably experienced all this. You see a big red stop. Do not go to this website. However, we want to actually be able to take that model and bring it down to the enterprise. So what we're going to be able to do is allow any admin to create their own or give us the assets to include in that model. So if you have an internal GitHub or an internal SaaS app or a private web app, and you know that your users are being targeted for phishing, you can just upload those assets, those pictures, those domains, and we will put it in this insanely strong and powerful model, and we will detect that phishing attempts. So us and Google, we have an internal Git. It is very particular to us. And a targeted campaign is probably the most dangerous campaign because, you know, it looks and acts like something that is very internal. But classical phishing would not be able to see that protection because it's an internal asset, an internal domain. Now you can actually upload all that information, and we will be able to capture those types of threats, and you'll be able to see and model the type of phishing protections you want more broadly. And in mere minutes, you can protect employees from visiting or interacting with any such sites. Once we see it, we can stop it based on your admin controls in seconds. So we have all this data I've showed you. We're collecting every single thing that goes to the browser. We can see all the extensions and information happening in the browser. We can see all the clicks that are going through the browser. We can see all the requests going through the browser. It's a lot of data. A lot, a lot of data that has various levels of information. Through our partnership with SecOps, we want to take all that data and provide it in real-time value to our SecOps analysts to derive the most security from it. So we're integrating a deep integration with SecOps. Here we're going to provide rapid time to value. A very simple one-click Chrome-based browser protection that immediately goes to SecOps. So it's literally a single button. We will orchestrate Chrome to get all the right data. That early threat detection and prevention will be directed to SecOps. And we'll be able to have rich, out-of-the-box security dashboards that will show you the Google threat intelligence risks. It will correlate with the other data you have and provide a modern browser-based threats protection dashboard from day one. We will take that data and also enrich it with some of our proprietary safe browsing data that will give you the full corpus of what we as Google think are risky uploads, risky downloads, risk essentially built into that clickstream. That allows the security professionals to quickly see and leverage playbooks to take that data. So in my diagram earlier, if they see phishing at the first point of the kill chain, they can immediately create a playbook that says, if you see phishing, here's all the actions with Chrome Enterprise that you can do to stop access in mere seconds. And they can do that all integrated through SecOps with Chrome directly. This, of course, is part of our broader Google Unified Security Platform, AKA Gus, where we can actually take this endpoint data. And Chrome is the endpoint in this diagram and provide it to SecOps. But not only to SecOps, we can actually integrate it with SCC. So if you have application data that you want to know, Fast Apps, Private Web Apps, we can take that data and it also can be put to SCC. So Chrome becomes the integral endpoint information part of this ecosystem. All right. I went through a lot of different parts there. So broadly, in summary, browser is a new endpoint, particularly if you get to use and see all that data. And you want to use that data for your security, and it will make a big difference. We've done some stuff inherently and internally. We can see that looking at the Chrome extension telemorty, looking at the event data, we can correlate that very quickly and identify threats that would take a little bit longer to actually identify if you weren't getting that clickstream data from the actual browser. Chrome Enterprise is easy to use and deploy. So there was no fudging. The actual screens I showed earlier is literally all you do. You sign in. Your users know Chrome. They can get Chrome. It's there. Once they've signed in, the benefits for flexible access management and deep browser-based data loss prevention is minutes, seconds. Those users, once they sign in, are within a container of your, as an admin, choosing. Finally, once they are in that container and you've managed them to get to Chrome to do the activity safely, the telemetry you get is second to none. And you can get it to augment your overall endpoint security strategy and you can put it into your broader ecosystem of protections to protect your users across your entire environment. All right. Here's my want to learn more thing. Broadly speaking, I would also say the agent space I talked about earlier is next door in South CE. And I think that is all we've got.