 . Wow. So good to see so many of you in the audience today. Welcome to day one of Next. Are you all excited about this year's Next? Yeah? . Whoo! Yes. I think we have a bigger and bolder Next this year, and we are super excited. Hope you all are, too. As part of today's session, we are going to cover about foundational security controls that Google Cloud provides for you to protect your workloads. But we'll also delve into security programs that Google has packaged and made it available so that you can effectively manage your risk. Please come in. Settle in. This is going to be a power pack session. We have a great lineup of speakers, both from Google as well as DBS Bank, that are going to share all their insights and expertise with all of you today. I'm Anil Nandigam. I work as a product marketing lead for cloud security at Google Cloud. And I'm super excited, as you can see, to talk about this topic and share with you all as to what we have put together as part of this teamwork content today. So what are we going to cover in today's session? We have structured this presentation into four parts. First, I'll walk you through security foundation as a solution. What is security foundation and why it matters for you to have cloud-first controls if you're running production workloads in Google Cloud. Second, we'll have Sean, who will come up on the stage and talk about secure enterprise blueprints. This is how you can easily build and maintain a layer defense architecture in Google Cloud. Third, we are super excited to have a distinguished speaker, David Herrera, who is head of cloud engineering at DBS Bank, and he's going to share his insights as to how he has built programs to secure their cloud environment. And last but not the least, we have our head of business risk and insurance, Monica, who is going to talk about how you can use prepackaged protection programs from Google for you to effectively manage risk. So brace yourself. Let's get started. As you know, AI is changing everything dramatically. And as part of this change, cloud adoption is also booming. But what becomes more important as cloud adoption is booming is security becomes more and more vital. And when we talk to our customers or organizations around the world, thinking about cloud security, there are three key things that always pop up. First, it's about active threat protection. This is about the age-old threats like DDoS attacks, supply chain attacks, also threats exploiting zero-day vulnerabilities, but also now threats that are targeting AI models. We have seen AI being used by nefarious elements to craft attack techniques and threats that are sophisticated, and everyone wants to be protected from these kind of threats. Second, it's about balancing cloud innovation with compliance needs. Our customers want to implement security best practices, leveraging the latest and greatest in the cloud, but at the same time, they're in a pickle because they have to address their compliance and regulatory standards, which are sometimes on a different wavelength. And last year, it's all about guidance. Every customer that we talk to want to have guidance that is right fit for their environment, that is looking at their needs, because like we all know, every organization is different, every organization needs are different, and there is no one-size-fits-all approach to security. And this is exactly why we designed Security Foundation, and Security Foundation is going to help you address those kind of challenges that I talked about. But before I talk about Security Foundation, I wanted to spend a minute about a fundamental approach that we at Google here take, which is called a shared faith model. And this model is the backbone for everything that we do from Google Cloud Security perspective. So what is this model? I think you're all pretty familiar with the classic shared responsibility model for security. This is where cloud service providers like us handle the infrastructure, and you, the customers, handle the rest of it. But that's a lot for customers to manage and be responsible for. This could be implementing best practices, figuring out the tools for your use cases, all the time worrying about latest threats, and still trying to justify it to your management that your approach to security is right. Let's all be honest. Managing everything on your own and responsible for everything on your own is no fun. And this is where Google's shared faith model makes Google your active partner so that you can understand and manage security and risk for your cloud. And this shared faith model underpins security foundation solution. So what is security foundation? Security foundation at its core is a carefully curated bundle or a set of products and capabilities that Google recommends so that you can get a rock-solid protection for your Google Cloud environment. All the controls that are part of security foundation are cloud-first controls. These are built for Google Cloud users, and they leverage the unique platform strengths because they're either embedded or very close to our cloud infrastructure. You can think about security foundation as building blocks that Google gives you so that you can build a secure and well-managed cloud. And as a result, you can achieve a very strong security posture as well as protections for your cloud environment. So let's go a level down and see what are the components of security foundation in general. So cloud security and cloud platform security has many domains, and let's walk through these domains which become the whole toolkit for your complete protection for your cloud environment. Identity and access management. This is like the gatekeeper for your cloud. It ensures your right people and workloads get access to the right data and resources. Data protection is all about securing your sensitive data, whether this data is at rest, in motion, or even in use with our confidential compute portfolio. Let's talk about perimeters. Yes, I know we are in public cloud, but your cloud still has boundaries, and those boundaries need perimeter protection. And this is where network security plays a dominant role in detecting and blocking threats at the network level. Security monitoring and posture management is all about monitoring your cloud, logging those activities, but also putting a security lens on it to ensure that you can spot threats and vulnerabilities early on before they become incidents. And last but not the least, sovereignty and compliance. With the political arena that we are all in today, this is even more important. And this domain helps you to address your regulatory boundaries as well as to ensure you're meeting and your compliance standards all in public cloud without compromising on cloud innovation. So let's take one more step down. There are many products and capabilities that are native in Google Cloud that fit within each of these domains. But I've highlighted a few of these products here so that you can get the comprehensive view of these products and capabilities that Google Cloud invests in so that our customers can protect their data, compute, and AI resources. I'll call out a few examples. Let's start with VPC service controls. That's a product in our access management portfolio that helps you to create security zones around your valuable information or data sets so that you can tackle data exfiltration scenarios. Cloud Armor is our DDoS protection and web application firewall in our network security offering. And Cloud Armor played a very pivotal role in stopping the largest known DDoS attack. I think it was 18 months ago, which peaked at 398 million requests per second. In our compliance portfolio, we have issued workloads, which is a modern software-defined product that helps you to run regulated workloads in global regions of our cloud, all without compromising on cloud innovation. Our solution doesn't need for us to fork off a different cloud for us to address specific compliance requirements. And last but not the least, sensitive data protection in our data protection suite. Talk about an intuitive name. Sensitive data protection identifies, classifies, and protects your sensitive data. So now you see how Security Foundation is very versatile with the product portfolio. It can address many use cases, but I would like to leave you all with few key use cases so that you can walk away with what Security Foundation can help you with. AI and Gen.AI, this is top of mind for all of us. Within this use case, our products help you to secure your AI workloads, but also use the AI-driven security capabilities in our security products. I'll call out two examples. AI protection platform that we have recently released. This protects your workloads by discovering your AI inventory, securing your AI models, but also detecting threats that are targeting your AI systems. Model Armor is another product in the same AI protection suite where it helps you protect your Gen.AI apps. It actually allows you to apply content safety and security controls to your Gen.AI prompts as well as responses across a wide range of models. When you talk about infrastructure modernization, it's all about protecting your VMs and containers as part of your lift and shift scenarios. And application modernization is all about finding and fixing misconfigures and vulnerabilities early in the lifecycle so that you can all practice shifting security lag. And in terms of our data and analytics, this is where Security Foundation products and capabilities help you to get end-to-end protection all the way from strong data governance to getting, helping you to set up granular access controls to your sensitive data. So now that you understood what Security Foundation entails, we would love to now spend more time on Security Blueprints and Sean is going to cover Security Blueprints. Sean? Thank you so much, Anil. So my name is Sean Leighton and I'm a principal architect at Google Cloud responsible for the Security Blueprints. and what I'm going to do is take you a little bit deeper into what we can actually offer you and how we can show you how to implement the systems that Anil talked about. So, let's start with the model. What we've done is we've created a layered approach to these Blueprint or to the Security Foundation to enable you to get to your business objectives faster. These are accelerators. And the way we've set this up is that we have a base or security by default. So these are the capabilities you get just for using Google Cloud like encryption at rest, encryption at transit. On top of that, we've built a Blueprint called the Foundation. And this really talks about secure by design. So this takes you through and I'll go into this more detail about how you can configure various Google products and put them together to create a secure foundation. And then on top of that, we have Blueprints like GKE, Gen AI, Data Mesh, which I'm going to take you through briefly, that enable you to have different kinds of workloads on top of that. And together, we've created this stack that has been designed to integrate with your existing systems as well as integrate with your existing processes and policies. And we've bound everything together in what we call a cloud control matrix. So for a lot of you, what a cloud control matrix is, is it's a spreadsheet of two, three, 400 different lines of all the various controls that you need. So we've taken that into account when we've designed our Blueprints, both our Foundation Blueprints and our Platform Blueprints. So what exactly does a Blueprint consist of? Well, there's three main pillars. And everything that I'm going to show you is publicly available on our website today. So this, you can just go download, and Neil's going to give you the link at the end of this. But it consists first of a guide that has highly opinionated and detailed guidance around architecture, policies, controls, and best practices. And then we have code, which provides you with a step-by-step implementation to deploy everything that's in the guides. And we also, as a third pillar, have a lifecycle associated with these Blueprints. So these Blueprints are continually refreshed as our knowledge grows and as our products mature and evolve. So the Blueprints of several years ago are very different than the Blueprints today. And, you know, they're faster to deploy, cover much more use cases, those kinds of things. And as I mentioned, we've taken into account the security controls or the control matrices. And we've worked with our Office of the CISO in order to enable us to be compliant with a number of regulatory regimes. We're NIST, CIS, and CSA standards compliant. And we've done the mapping for you to show how the particular Blueprints meet those controls. So that's taken a burden off of you. And the other thing I would say is that these Blueprints are designed to be vertically agnostic. They're modular and malleable so that you can take what you want from them. So let's go into some specific Blueprints. So this is the foundation blueprint. So if you remember from a couple slides ago, this is the layer just above the base. And this has everything that you need to get started in Google Cloud and create an environment that is hardened against various security threats. So what does this entail? So we've got identity set up for you. We have automated deployment through pipelines. We handle least privilege access, organizational policies. We set up a network for you, including with the VPCSC service controls that Anil mentioned. We handle the on-prem connectivity as well as logging and detective controls like secure... And so how to set up security command center. We have basic key management, secret management, as well as setting up Google private access so we don't expose you to the internet. So this is our foundation. But on top of that, we have other Blueprints that I mentioned that we can deploy. We have the developer blueprint, which shows you how to deploy GKE in a secure manner. And again, it has an automated deployment pipeline. It's designed to be multi-region, multi-zonal, handles config management. And we also have provided a complete secure application development pipeline for you to use as a baseline. We have, as Anil said, a generative AI capability, which has every, again, fully automated deployment, shows you how to set up an interactive environment so that you can work with data, as well as an operational environment so you can deploy things into production. We have a data mesh. So this shows you how to manage data in an enterprise-scale manner. We have examples of how to do data ingestion, data consumption, data governance. All of these things are available for you to use right out of the box. And again, deployed through automation. So how does this all come together? So what we can do is we take your vision and we align it and wrap it in our solutions and blueprints and then protect it with the cloud-native security controls that Anil talked about. And together, we can accelerate your business outcomes. So that's how we can help you. But let's hear from David Herrera from DBS to talk about his cloud journey. Welcome, David. Please take a seat. Thank you. So, David, let's start off by just, can you give us a brief introduction about yourself? Yes. I'm David Herrera. I'm very thrilled to be here, to be able to share my experience with you guys. I'm right now leading the public cloud implementation on GCP. I'm a very passionate people about GDAL transformation, GNI. Then I hope that I can provide you some of the insights that, you know, all the things that we have to do in DBS in order to become a very technological finance organization. Then, I don't know, can you move? Yeah, so why don't you tell us a little bit about DBS? Yes. Well, DBS, it's one of the leading finance services of a group in Asia Pacific. DBS market expands from retail banking, wealth management, to corporate and investment banking. Then, DBS also has a very, very big blueprint on the region, having banks in India, Indonesia, Taiwan, Hong Kong and, of course, Singapore. In Singapore, basically, we are more than 50% of the, let's say, finance services is being provided by DBS. You can see numbers like we have been many times rewarded by the safest bank in the world. DBS is a very special company because even that we have 41,000 employees, I mean, a big, big percentage of the employees we are tech people. And our former CEO, he always wanted to say that DBS is a startup company that provides, a tech company that provides finance services. Then, once we, well, we have introduced DBS. Yep. So, I know you said you could just talk for the whole rest of the time and I could just stay silent, but I do have a couple questions I'd like to ask you. So, I think the first one and if you could just talk about how does DBS view cloud security? What are the various security models that you see and how do you see their impact on risk? Okay. We started having this collaboration with Google the, let's say, third quarter of 2019. And on 2019, for sure, we didn't have these blueprints. Then, I'm sharing with you this cloud security model slide because this is the first question that we had to ask ourselves. It's like, how we want to use this Google Cloud on DBS? Because when we started using Google Cloud, we, most of us, we were not proficient in Google Cloud. Then, we need to understand how we want to approach this. Then, we started to have this approach of how much risk we want to assume and how we are going to move ahead and on the time with this risk. And if you can see on this graph that I did in the plane, you can see that initially we had these two different, let's say, two different options. Now, the first option, I call it the risk reduction model. And this is an option where basically you don't know what you want to do. Then, you are willing to accept whatever will happen. You open, you are open to do, I mean, basically, you give to your developers power to do everything. Okay? Then, it's why it's so white at the beginning. And meanwhile, you are doing, you learn. Then, you understand that you need to do things in a different way. And then, you started to basically limit what are you, what is the real value on all the Google APIs that you want to use and so on. And it's why I say, you see it on the side, that because you learn, your guardrails become stronger. And you end up being on the top in a situation that you are comfortable with the risk and you are comfortable with the guardrails. The good thing of this is very agile and it's very, let's say, the pace is very fast. But for FSIs industry, it's very, very risky. You are assuming too much risk at the beginning. And probably, you could face incidents that probably your management will not have to attend and so on. And the other option that we have is the, if you see, it's basically a flip of this figure where basically you limit to the developers what can we do. Okay? And you basically start blocking up mostly everything. But by sitting and working with the development teams, you understand what are their needs, you understand their capabilities, and also the developers, they understand working, on working, they understand what they can do, what they want to do, and so on. Then, all together with the development teams, you keep growing on experience, you keep growing in knowledge, you keep growing in confidence. And it's why you are eager to accept more risk. And if you see on the sides, these guardrails, even that they have the same shape, I mean, the area is the same, keep changing because you keep using different API methods or you use more API methods or you throw APIs that you are not interested in more or Google is releasing new services and so on, then those guardrails, they need to be constantly maintained. And this, we had to think about these two models because at the beginning, Google didn't have those blueprints. Then, it's what we call the risk acceptance model. But, you know, now, going to the exercise of Sean showing these blueprints, when we are now talking with application teams and so on, now we realize that we are going to a model where we are confident, where the blueprints provide us a direction, where is the, you know, safest places, what is the most, let's say, delicate places and so on. And it's going to be, for us, it's better on, it's easier on the way to move ahead on the public cloud implementation and adoption. All right. So, when you started, what your approach was basically to have a risk reduction model, right? Or was it a risk acceptance? What model did you choose? We choose the risk acceptance because on the risk reduction, from the beginning, you can have a very, very, I mean, very serious security incidents like data exfiltration and so on. Because at the beginning, most of your area is open. And it's, by doing, is when you learn how to close it. Right. And as part of a risk reduction model, I think you mentioned that security was very tightly involved with the architecture and the developers. Yeah, it's true. I mean, the good point of the risk acceptance model is like, you are very risk controlled. I mean, you understand every moment, every step that you do and so on. But from the sustainable or operational perspective, it's very costly. It's not efficient. You need to basically invest a lot of resources, a lot of time sitting with application teams, reviewing with them next steps and so on, checking if your controls are still efficient or your controls are basically not covering all the risk, all the, let's say, you're exposing things that you are not aware and so on. Then, by the time, the risk acceptance models becomes, once you are in the top, becomes not sustainable at all. Right. So, with that model, though, it seems like security got in between the developer and the cloud. What do you feel are sort of like the drawbacks to that? Yes. I mean, at the end, it's like, these two models requires a lot of ad hoc security implementation. And I always say that I'm working in a bank and my company makes money on loans, on credit cards, on all of these things. They are not earning money when I create 500 custom controls or they are not earning money when we deploy a new security pattern and so on. then my idea has been always, like, as much as possible, we need to start using native controls because at the end, it's like, it's, as you said at the beginning, it's the shared responsibility model. And on this shared responsibility model, I'm sorry to say that, but as more responsibility you have, as better it's going to be for me. It's like, I need to work less for the same price, I would say. So, you've had your first iteration. How have you moved forward to enable developers to move faster, to focus more time on applications rather than on security? What's your approach been? Yeah, we started with a very opinionated framework. We call it Evolved. And in Evolved, basically, we created what we call the blueprints, our version of blueprints. At that moment, we call it service packs. And those service packs, they have built-in many things, like operational best practices. We have built-in architecture, best practices, also controls, even preventative, even detective controls, and so on. But this is a very, you know, it's very, it limits a lot of the movement to the application teams. It's very also difficult to learn and so on. And then by the time we understood that most of the application team, they started to understand better the approach, our philosophy. And right now, we are moving to a place where the blueprints doesn't exist. Because when the team is mature enough and understand the goals, what you understand is like the team, it's strong and mature enough to set up their own best operational practices, architecture practices, and so on. And our responsibility will be more on the, you know, ensuring the security. But ensuring the security from the perspective of it has to be transparent for the application teams. So how have you enabled that transparency? We came with, I mean, with a, it has a very, it's called Evolve Light. It's not Evolve Light because it has less security. It's Light because it doesn't have blueprints. In Evolve Light, what we are doing is like, we have like a kind of transparent proxy that the application team, they don't even interact with, they don't know that they're interacting with that proxy. And using native controls and using OPA, what we try to do is like, we try to scan all the API calls that the application teams that you're doing to GCP. And with the validation of the API calls, we are able to block these calls, basically declare that this call is non-compliant, you cannot go ahead. Then, in that way, what we provided to the, most of the application team community in DBS, we provided the freedom to do whatever they want to do in the way that whatever they feel they have to do, but with a very strong security environment. So in that case, you've really given the developers a lot more control over their own fate. But I guess, just to plug it, the blueprints would enable them to accelerate because it would get through your security controls. That's right. I mean, the point here is that the security, the blueprints is something that you need it, everyone need it, because it's like the recipe, at the beginning when you cook some new dish, you need to have the recipe in front of you the first few times. But once you have done it, you know, I do. But once you have cooked this dish two times, three times, probably you don't need to use it anymore. Then, this is the same thing, application teams, they need to have these blueprints because they need to understand what is the purpose, what they have to do, what they should avoid, and so on. But once they have, they get used to it, it's basically not functional at all, not sustainable. Right. So, you've moved from evolved to evolved light. What do you see next? Where is the next evolution going to be? You know, all of, the big issue and all of it is like you ended up creating a big ecosystem with many, many elements. And those elements, they create many events in form of alarms, in form of findings, and so on. The big challenge that we have now is the toil that all of this environment is creating in the IT team, in the COE team. Because we ended having around, you know, usually we have around, I would say, 500 deployments per day. 500 deployments per day means that each of the deployments could have around, I don't know, 100 elements, different elements. These 500 different elements have to be evaluated. At the end, it's like, what I think is like we need to move is like we need to move to a more toiless environment where most of the, let's say, security operations is going to be automated, where everything is, you know, more chewed, because right now we have become well-informed organizations. We know our environments. We understand what is happening in each second. But at the end, we need to analyze all of this information. And I think it will be very interesting that all of this, now, with all the GNI technologies and so on, we could start applying these technologies on, you know, shaping this information, providing better insights, what could be wrong, sorry, what could be improved, what has to be removed, and so on. I think this is something that this information applying GNI will help us to improve our environment. So in the last 30 seconds, what are sort of the final thoughts you'd like to impart with our audience? Okay. I will say that when I started working on Google Cloud technologies, I didn't have any idea what I was doing at that moment, no? And I think it's, for me, it's like whatever you have in mind, just try because for sure there is a lot of chances to find a very interesting plan or to find a very interesting, you know, yes, roadmap for yourselves, guys, and do not, I mean, try to adapt everything that you see, all the documentation to your needs, no? I mean, Blueprints is something that is needed and so on, but I will say that put your flavor on top of this, no? It's not following like ships or whatever you see on the documentation and so on, it's more about you, you know, learning and improving in your own way. All right. Great. Thank you so much, David. Hey, thank you. So now I'd like to welcome my colleague, Monica, to the stage to talk about how Google can help you prepare for the unexpected. Thank you, guys. Thanks so much, Sean and David. I'm Monica Shacrai and I lead business risk and insurance for Google Cloud and I am thrilled to be here with all of you today. So, Anil and Sean just talked about the technical pillars of shared bait. How do you start secure? Through secure by design and secure by default technology. They also talked about how you stay secure through continuously monitoring deployed workloads with dedicated security products. I'm now here to talk about the business side of shared bait, focusing on risk transfer and business resilience. Specifically, how do you manage any residual risk, the risk that technology can't fully mitigate to ultimately achieve peace of mind for your business operations? A key differentiator for Google Cloud is how we actively invest in risk transfer for our customers. We stand behind the strength of our products and this commitment is formalized through a series of cyber risk protection programs that I'm going to talk through today, a critical part of our shared bait approach. First and central to shared bait is our risk protection program. And this is a program where we essentially package up everything that you heard from Anil and Sean on security blueprints and security foundations and we translate that to the cyber insurance industry so that they can then offer you cyber insurance to help with your workloads. And I'll talk a lot more about this program shortly. Another program we offer is the DDoS protection program. And this is specific to Cloud Armor Enterprise customers. And essentially, they get access to proactive support like posture reviews. And then in the event of a verified DDoS attack, they'll get response support and they'll also get financial relief through credits for future Google Cloud usage. Finally, we have the crypto mining protection program which is exclusive to security command center enterprise and premium customers. And what this program does is that if you're a security command center customer that follows a best set of practices and you experience an undetected and unauthorized crypto mining attack, you'll get access to up to a million dollars in credits to cover the cost of that attack. I'm now going to spend a little bit of time talking through the risk protection program in more detail and discussing how this contributes to our vision of shared bait. So let's start with a little more detail on what the program is. The risk protection program is an industry-first collaboration between a major cloud provider, us, Google Cloud, and leading cyber insurance companies. And there are essentially two parts to the program. The first is our tool, Google Cloud Cyber Insurance Hub, which is in our security suite of products on Google Cloud. And Google Cyber Insurance Hub will help you measure and manage your risk on Google Cloud, incorporating security blueprints and foundations that you heard about earlier today. The key benefit to this tool is that it facilitates sharing the information directly with leading cyber insurers that we have as part of our program. So through a couple clicks, you can send that data directly and it will facilitate a streamlined underwriting process on their end to provide you access with cyber insurance coverage. We see this as a significant enhancement compared to the manual PDFs that are often very long with yes or no questions. this is really moving us to a place of more digital underwriting and progressing the industry forward. On the other side, once you send this through, you'll get access to special cyber insurance coverage that's designed exclusively for Google Cloud customers. And how you benefit from this is that it has broad, tailored coverage that's relevant to your cloud environment, a modern, less cumbersome underwriting process that I talked a little bit about earlier, and personalized pricing that's informed directly from your specific usage of Google Cloud and your risk posture. Through bringing more transparent, inside-out data to insurers, we're building a future where all parties are clear on the data that's being used to underwrite cyber insurance, and you can prioritize your risk reduction accordingly. This way, all the energy that you're investing into getting cyber insurance is also energy to improve your security posture. It's not wasted. They're kind of one in the same. But don't just hear it from me. LiveRamp is one of the early adopters of the program. And LiveRamp's CISO talks about how the program streamlined their insurance procurement process, provided valuable insights, enhanced compliance monitoring, and simplified reporting to their insurer, all with a focus on safeguarding trust and responsible use of data. And because of the success we've seen with the program so far over the past couple years with leading Google Cloud customers like LiveRamp, we are thrilled to announce that today we're significantly expanding the program. Starting today, we're welcoming two of the world's largest cyber insurers to the program, Beasley and Chubb. And we're significantly expanding our collaboration with our founding partner, Unigree. What does this mean for you? This expansion will bring significantly more Google Cloud customers. This expansion will bring the program to significantly more Google Cloud customers, which I'll double-click on shortly. We see cyber insurance not just as a risk transfer mechanism, but a critical part of a holistic risk management strategy. And more importantly, a powerful incentive for better security practices so that we ultimately build better trust in the cloud. At Google, we're shifting the narrative. The cloud isn't just a risk to be managed. It's a platform for managing risk. And with this shift, we believe that we can translate risk reduction into real value for customers through potential premium reductions that will reward you for your commitment to security. So how does this work? The program will create a flywheel effect to ensure that the effort that you put into reducing your risk translates to benefit through reduced premium. So you can see here the flywheel on the screen that first customers reduce risk with Google products like Security Command Center and others. And then you demonstrate that through Cyber Insurance Hub. That reduced risk is captured through potentially reduced premium. and that frees up resources for you to further accelerate your digital transformation, creating a flywheel that rewards your investment in security. We continually hear from customers that they're grateful for Google's work in the cyber insurance industry in explaining the nuances of cloud risk and cloud more generally so that it frees up our customers' time so that you don't have to also explain that to your insurance company. And then CISOs, often who are involved in procuring cyber insurance, can then free up their efforts to focus on their core job, which is bolstering your defenses. So I've given a preview of our announcements, but let's double-click on them in a little bit more detail. As I mentioned, we are embarking on major expansion with Beasley Chubb and more Munich Re partners that are joining the program. This will ensure more Google Cloud customers than ever can now have access to this program. This includes customers of all sizes and global customers starting with 30 different countries in phase one, which is a significant expansion from our prior program, which was only focused on large U.S. customers. Beyond the Google enhanced coverage that you'll get as part of the policy, we've also, starting today, incorporated new coverage elements. And what we're trying to do is work with the cyber insurance industry so that they're keeping up with the trends and technology in their policy so that our Google Cloud customers can benefit from that. And you'll see two enhancements that are live as of today. One is, of course, generative AI explicitly being addressed in the policy. There's been uncertainty in the past around coverage around generative AI, so the policies that are part of this program will explicitly address the coverage elements around that. The other thing that we have is Chubb's policy includes coverage specifically for quantum risk exploits, focusing on proactively addressing quantum risk and fostering preparedness for quantum computing. This all goes live today and it's easy to get started. So to do so, first engage your insurance lead at your company and tell them that you want to talk to your broker about the risk protection program. In the United States and many other countries, insurance is regulated and you need a licensed broker to procure cyber insurance, so make sure that they're aware of your interest in the program early on. You'll then onboard to Cyber Insurance Hub. You'll run a report, ideally remediate findings because this is all about improving cybersecurity at the end of the day, and share that report with your select insurance partners. We have them all listed and you can kind of click and unclick on those that you want to share with. You then confirm with your broker that they received the, that the insurance partners received the report and you'd like to move forward and they'll offer a quote as part of the process. And if the program worked for you, please get in touch and let us know. So one of the customers that's been with us from the very beginning is Etsy. They were an early adopter of the program and when I asked Justinian Fortenberry, Etsy's CISO and VP of Engineering, what advice he had to other customers that were considering the program, he said, just do it. For Etsy, the program has driven significant efficiency in their cyber procurement process and they haven't encountered a single downside. We actually just launched a testimonial from Etsy today so you can find that online, I think, through our website. So with that raving review, I'll turn it back over to Anil to wrap up our session. Thank you. Awesome. Awesome. Thank you, Monica, and congratulations on those announcements. Thanks to David and Sean for sharing valuable strategies and insights. Lots of golden nuggets packed into that discussion. Hope it was useful. So I just wanted to wrap up in terms of the key things as what you can take away from this session, right? If you look at how you can get started, these are the three key things that we wanted to highlight. First, depending on where you are in your cloud adoption journey, we will recommend you to zero in on a use case or a set of use cases and use our security foundation recommended tools for you to get started. Getting started is simple. All of these products that we talked about are cloud-first that could be self-served in Google Cloud Console so you can get started right away in the console. That's number one. Number two, you could use the blueprints as well as the best practices center that we have for you to get more guidance. But more importantly, I'm here to announce that we have also started a security community in our security community. That's the QR code right there. So you can enroll there. What that gives you is you will have access to Google subject matter experts who can further guide you as you need on an on-demand basis, right? So don't forget to check that out. And last, number three, but not the least, is adopt the risk protection program, especially if you are concerned about residual risk and you want peace of mind, that's the program for you. With that, I think we are coming towards the end. Like you've seen, we have just scratched the surface in this intro level 101 level session, right? But we have deep dive level 200, level 300 sessions that are security foundation-centric sessions. Today, later on after this session, but tomorrow and day after too, so please feel free to check them out. So those are great sessions. And we wanted to say one more thing before you leave. And the one more thing is we have first time this year at Next, a grand presence security hub in the expo floor area where all the cool security kids are hanging out. So you should definitely come and check that out. We have demos. We also have new innovative session formats like birds of a feather where we have peer-to-peer interactions. We have topics on identity access management, network security, web risk, as well as on AI. So feel free to check them out. With that, thank you all for joining us and hope you have a fantastic rest of the conference. Thank you.