 . Hey everyone, thanks for joining us. I'm Shweta and I'm a technical writer with an AlloyDB team. Today I'm going to take you through how we created an app that would help you become a personal stylist. So we're going to take you through the technologies that brought together this app, including cloud databases. Okay, now let's go through the architecture. You first store your vector representation of your wardrobe data in AlloyDB. So AlloyDB is Google Cloud's fully optimized Postgres compatible database that helps you handle demanding workloads for low latency and high throughput. Now you click your selfie with a cute top and we use Gemini to generate the description of this image. This description is converted to vector embeddings using the text embedding 005 model within AlloyDB using the AlloyDB vector extension. AlloyDB with its fast scan indexing algorithm finds the nearest neighbors from your wardrobe database, which already has the embeddings of your outfit recommendations. Then Gemini generates personalization suggestions for the search result and also lets you add personalizations such as add a cute white box pack or add sunglasses. This whole personalization is then sent to Imagine for creating a visual representation. The entire application is built using Java Spring Boot framework with Gemini Java SDK and is hosted serverlessly using Cloud Run. Now let's look at the demo of this outfit recommendation app. So you click upload to upload the image of your outfit like your top and then click style to let Gemini generate the outfit description and also the matching outfits from your wardrobe database. Now you can also add personalization to this generated description. Like right now I'm going to add hoops or add khaki colored pants. And then when I click show, Imagine kicks in and generates fabulous outfit recommendations. Yeah, there you have it. It also added the personalization that we required. It's been a blast building this application and I would want you to also try it out. If you want to build this and extend the features and you know add more features to it, try this lab hands-on. And submit any PRs to the GitHub repo linked within the code lab if you have any fascinating extensions for it. Okay, thank you everyone for tuning in. And I hope you have the same amount of fun that I had building this application. And please try it out and let us know how you feel about it. Thank you and see you next time. See you next time.