 We often hear about security incidents, but what actually happens when things go wrong? Drawing on Mendian's and Min's frontline experience responding to security breaches, we'll explore some fascinating examples of how threat actors compromise cloud and hybrid environments. The goal from this session is not to scare you, but rather for us to learn together, extracting some practical lessons that we can take and apply to strengthen our security and resilience capabilities. Let's start with a quick intro. My name is Omar Lahden. I'm a principal at Mendian's Security Transformation Services team. Within the team, I lead our incident response remediation function, where we focus on responding, containing, and eradicating threat actors during cyber incidents. And when we're not firefighting, we help organizations mature their overall security and resilience capabilities. I love starting with this statistic, which comes from our state of cloud threat detection and response report. A staggering 99% of organizations are running some sort of a hybrid infrastructure. That includes on-prem as well as cloud. That likely means that everyone in this room is managing a mix of both on-prem and cloud systems. And that's really the critical takeaway. When we look at security, incident response, recovery planning, and overall resilience capabilities, we fundamentally cannot treat our on-prem and cloud as separate silos. They're often interconnected, even in complex ways. Let me give you a concrete example from the frontline investigations that we handle. We frequently encounter cases where organizations have deployed a top-notch endpoint detection and response technology, or EDR for short, across their endpoints, across their on-prem servers, and across their cloud virtual machines. Seems like a pretty solid security measure. However, as security engineers and IT systems were setting up the EDR and deploying it, they connected the administration console of that EDR platform with their enterprise identity store, and commonly it's Active Directory. So we're using Active Directory credentials to log in and manage your EDR. Now, if that Active Directory environment gets compromised, we've seen attackers pivot from AD, log into the EDR platform with legitimate credentials, and then weaponize the EDR tool itself. They use the tool designed for protections to push malicious code across connected endpoints, systems, and servers. And that's a powerful example of why our perspective on systems, security, and overall resilience needs to be holistic. It has to span the entire environment and not just pieces of it. Building on that need for a holistic view, we also have to remember that attackers constantly change their game. Their TTPs always evolve. This slide highlights a significant shift we've observed. The move from basic ransomware deployment to multifaceted extortion. You can see the contrast here. The older, simpler shotgun approach of deploying ransomware versus the current multifaceted strategy. And the crucial part is what happens before any encryption deployment. Today, attackers dedicate significant effort to stealing credentials, compromising edge or network devices, conducting internal reconnaissance to understand the network, use legitimate third-party tools to weaponize them, actively delete backups to hinder any recovery efforts, and crucially, exfiltrate large amount of sensitive data. And the data theft here is what enables that multifaceted extortion model. Attackers' leverage isn't just encrypted systems anymore. It's the threat of leaking your sensitive data combined with the other pressure tactics. So the key takeaway is this. The threat has evolved. It's about deep infiltration and data theft first, leading to multiple extortion pressures and not just simple encryption. Before we get started, I want to give a quick overview of how Mandiant tracks and categorize threat actors. Mandiant categorizes threat actors in one of three buckets, one being APT. Those are advanced persistent threat actors. Think of nation-state sponsored type of threat actors. Two is FIN or financially motivated threat actors. And third is UNC or uncategorized. Every threat actor that we track falls under that UNC category, but they could graduate to either FIN or APT. It's a long, complex process developed by our intel team. And lastly, as we're going to be going through some case studies, we modified some of those case studies to protect the identity of our clients as well as individuals associated with our clients. And with that, Jeremy's going to walk us over our first section overview. Thank you. I'm not sure if I have a hot mic or not. Thank you, Omar. So, you know, first, you know, we've seen how these attacks happen, but, you know, really, who are the primary targets? I think if we look at this chart, this is, again, from our M-Trends 2024 report, you'll see there are some consistent targets at the top. Financial services, business and professional services, high-tech, retail, hospitality. You know, these do typically face a higher volume of attacks in the investigations we help with. However, you know, attackers don't just only focus on these. You know, while these are the frequent targets, the reality is attackers really focus on opportunity. That's the motivation. So the key question is why these industries? And, you know, the common thread as we go through is really about the possession of sensitive information. So if you look at these, we have, you know, protected health information, protected identity information, business records, and even proprietary business data. So really, that is the key emphasis we have on these top items. So ultimately, it boils down to what is the value of the data within the organization from an attack perspective? And that's what really fuels the financially motivated threat actors in this multifaceted attempt Omar went through. So again, you know, while some of these industries, I would say, are statistically highly targeted, you know, really any organization holding valuable data, sensitive, proprietary, et cetera, you know, they need to be prepared as well because they are also a potential target. You know, another critical part is timing. You know, so as in our investigations, we see, you know, what is the dwell time from that initial access to when ransomware is deployed? And you see a key finding here actually takes back to a thing Omar had mentioned about multifaceted extortion. You know, if you look at the difference, when we investigate incidents where it's either confirmed or suspected that data theft did take place, the medium time from that initial access to deployment is six days. You know, and this makes sense. As we talk through, we have the initial access, obtaining reconnaissance information, lateral movement, identifying data, and then exfiltrating that data prior to deployment. You know, looking down a little further, incidents without the data theft aspect, that medium time drops to just two days. You know, and to further, I'd say, emphasize this speed. In almost a third of the cases we've responded to, the initial access to deployment occurred with under 48 hours. You know, this aligns with that faster two-day pattern that we see, and it's underscoring an extremely limited time window. You know, personally, I have investigated many incidents where start to finish, the entire event took place in under 24 hours. You know, the implication is clear, though. I'd say even with data theft attempts might give a slightly larger dwell time. That window for detection and response can be incredibly short, and sometimes, you know, really puts a lot of stress on that team and the immense pressure on the speed and effectiveness of the security operations. So as these multifaceted attacks do unfold, what kind of are the common underlying patterns we see in our investigations? You know, first we have living off the land. So, you know, using legitimate software installed in the environment, think remote access software that you use legitimately, or, you know, administrator command controls, things of that type. Another option, though, we see is actually impacting, say, your patch management service, and using that to deploy malware instead of actual legitimate patching. So kind of using the infrastructure on its own. This is also hard to detect because it's not using traditional malware. It's using those tools that you have and you've approved. You know, secondly, we do see attackers expanding on the attack surface, a lot in the hybrid and cloud-based environments, and really focusing on often-overlooked kind of non-human identities. So service accounts, API keys, also edge network-based devices, you know, really focusing on extended. You know, and third, third-party integrations overall. So this could be from a managed service provider, a vendor that may have privileged access to your cloud environment, you know, either exploiting that access to enter, or also from a supply chain perspective, you know, impacting those vendors before and anything that gets brought into your environment. You know, across all three of these, though, it's really a common theme of attackers are just trying to find and abuse weaknesses, which, you know, oftentimes it's misconfigurations. It could be vulnerabilities, but they're trying to find that within these fundamental layers of your environment. And really, that's the identity, resources and infrastructure, network, endpoints. You know, and these are where we see these items consistently manifest over time. So, Jeremy, just a question on that. Is it fair to say that with looking at this paradigm that you set up here, is it fair to say that it's not necessarily the cloud environment itself that we need to always focus on, but it's the integration of that cloud environment? Definitely. You know, the integration of how accounts are used, what we leave exposed, how we have things configured, because in many times we see attackers focus on those misconfigurations or, you know, having something accidentally overexposed or vendor accounts to use that to move around. You know, we've talked a lot about the targets, the timing, and the overall motivations. I want to just take a second to actually talk about that initial intrusion vector and where we see a lot of these from the investigations we handle. So, first one is, you know, weak authentication on remote access. So, this still remains a huge one for attackers today. Really, attackers will try to exploit anything that does not have multi-factor authentication enabled. You know, they will get credentials either through phishing or other means or just, you know, multi-attacks of trying numerous credentials, and that becomes an easy entry point for an attacker. You know, second is information-stealing malware, you know, on personal or corporate devices. And a lot of times this is referred to as info-steal or malware. Think of it as when it gets installed on a device, it monitors any time a user inputs their username and password. And a lot of times it could be into a corporate resource, so say email or things of that type, and attackers will take that. On the other side, it could be someone using a completely different service for a personal use, but they use the same password in both their corporate and that application. So, we see attackers commonly go through the dark web taking all username and password pairs and trying that on corporate resources or slightly modifying the password by adding a character, a special character, a number. So, again, it really underscores the dangerous habit of reusing those passwords across multiple personal and, I guess, corporate-based accounts. Now, third, we see commodity backdoors on systems in corporate environments. So, you know, really it involves an attacker deploying readily available for purchase malware, so it takes down that level of expertise. They can buy these. And it just gives them direct access. So, they could deploy this through phishing or other means we'll talk about, but giving that direct point into the environment. You know, and fourth, exploits just against externally accessible systems. This is kind of that classic approach where we see attackers scan the Internet looking for vulnerable applications, edge-based network devices, or other appliances. So, think web servers, VPNs, any network-based edge device. We see attackers very focused on scanning those. You know, and these are kind of the first four very common ways that we do see attackers access. Continuing number five with SIM swapping. So, this would be where an attacker actually targets a specific user's device, and they transfer that victim's information to a SIM card they control. And really what this is used for is it allows an attacker to intercept SMS text messages for a period of time, and then using that information to get around MFA-based authentication requests, resetting passwords, enrolling devices, et cetera, for that brief period. Sixth, telephone-based social engineering. And we put a lot of times it actually is against help desks. So, attackers will use open source-based information. They will call the help desk, acting to be an employee, wanting to either reset a password, bypass an MFA requirement, or get additional information. And really, it exploits the human aspect through the social engineering side, as well as some cases, weak verification protocols that are in place. Now, Seventh is very similar, but SMS-based social engineering. So, this would be actually targeting the employees. And so, attackers, again, will use that open source information and craft a message and send out to all employees they have records of, and trying to lure them into falling to a malicious web page entering those credentials. An easy example that we often see is trying to get employees to log in to update their enrollment benefits for the year. So, you know, they'll look for information, find the time, send that out, and then capture those credentials. So, eighth, we do see poison search engine ads. So, they will buy ad-based keywords mimicking legitimate software, trying to trick users into downloading a bundled piece of software so it'll install a legitimate application, but it will also bring along with it one of those info stealer malwares or a piece of the commodity malware, as well. So, trying to trick users who are trying to install a legitimate piece of software. You know, again, if we look through these eight aspects, you know, it's kind of a wide range of attacker techniques. You know, we have everything from very technical vulnerabilities, weak authentication, exploitation, but we also have a lot on the human side of psychology and playing on users' good intentions for both the help desk and an employee's side. You know, as we conclude this common theme, you know, of case studies, attack vectors, I do really think it boils down to just the core message on this slide. Security programs are encompassed of three layers. You know, people, process, and technology. You know, and critically, as the incidents we examine and demonstrate, a successful destructive attack is typically not a result of a single failure. But it's rather a systematic failure across all three of these interconnected layers. You know, weaknesses in technology, gaps in processes, vulnerabilities related to people or technology. They actually compound on each other, creating opportunities that adversaries exploit. So understanding this interplay of people, processes, and technology, that is fundamental to building a resilient defense within your environment. We're going to turn it to Omar for some case studies. Awesome. Thank you, Jeremy. So as we've covered some themes, now we're going to dive into actual case studies from the front line that we've investigated. And before we get started in our first case study, let's give a quick overview of the threat actor in scope in our next case study. It's a group that Mandy attracts as Unc2165. You might also know them as Evil Corp. Our intel shows that this threat actor group is a financially motivated threat group, but they've been active since at least 2017. And they're notoriously famous for gaining initial access either through the use of malware, think of like fake updates, or the reuse of stolen credentials. And their common kind of TTPs follow a clear operational pattern. They understand the network through a reconnaissance, they abuse Active Directory directly to escalate access, and they perform comprehensive searches to find and steal and exfiltrate sensitive data. Their entire approach aligns with the multifaceted extortion model we discussed, which includes data theft, often using tools like ArcLone or different SaaS-based cloud storage platforms, followed by deploying ransomware variants like Logbit or Conti to finalize their attack. In our case study, we see it starting quite often as it always does, quite simple. An end user unknowingly downloads a malicious file that's disguised as a legitimate installer for a remote access software. Once executed, the file deployed starts installing some malware that gives the attacker access, initial access, onto the compromised workstation. Once the attacker is inside, they move on the endpoint to extract credentials from memory, specifically from LSAS, typical attacker TTP, nothing special. But once they get additional credentials from the memory, they start executing some scripts to understand and lay out the on-prem network. The next step is where things get a little bit interesting. The attacker identified and abused directly a common misconfiguration in the Active Directory ecosystem, specifically ADCS or Active Directory Certificate Services that effectively allowed them to escalate their privileges from the compromised standard non-privileged account to domain administrator privileges within on-prem AD. This type of attack frequently bypasses any detections that you might have because it's exploiting a misconfiguration within the ecosystem itself. It's not introducing any additional noise and it's not introducing any malware to the infrastructure. And between these last three steps, internal security team were notified from some alerts from the EDR that something suspicious is going on, but it was pretty late. The attacker already has DAA access at this point. Now with domain admin access, the attacker could probably access anything on-prem. Specifically, they were able to access a protected file share that contained an unprotected password vault, something that we see quite often. Through that vault, the attacker was able to just access the vault to retrieve additional credentials, including creds for service accounts, admin accounts, as well as cloud administrator accounts. And that's where the hybrid integration comes into play. Using those additional credentials the attacker found in the vault, they reused those creds to directly access the victim organization's cloud environment. And once they were in, it's a series of reconnaissance, running scripts through the API to just understand where resources are stored, where data is within that compromised cloud environment. Next, we saw the attacker directly logging into the victim organization's EDR platform. They start allow listing their own scripts and malware, so it doesn't get blocked. And interestingly enough, we see them start deleting configurations and alerts set up within the EDR to reduce any potential noise that might come up. Aligned with their multifaceted extortion goal, the attacker then starts modifying some access controllers or ACLs within, across the cloud storage buckets. Then they set up an automated process over the next six hours or so, they were automatically exfiltrating data, sending it from the compromised cloud environment to cloud infrastructure managed and maintained by the attacker. And finally, with the data secured, the attacker leveraged a built-in cloud feature that's generally designed for legitimate use and administration of cloud virtual machines to execute scripts and manage systems in mass, but they use that to deploy the ransomware payload at scale, encrypting cloud-hosted VMs in mass. Omar, question on that. So for someone in the audience who's sitting here thinking, well, geez, these guys must not have had a lot of other security controls in place. How long does it take the threat actor to go from one to seven? So by seven, they can more or less move any data they want, right, in and out of the organization without the primary tooling in place to flag that transfer? Yeah, I mean, it really depends. I think what we've seen is attackers sometimes have all the access that they need to move from one to seven in a matter of hour to two hours, but they're too busy because they might be compromising mass set of other organizations, but they're targeting a specific organization, they have everything that they need, they're staffed up, et cetera, they can literally move from one to seven in two to three hours. And a lot of these threat actors work off hours, right? So they work Pacific Coast time. Pacific. While we're sleeping in two hours, they can go from one to seven. Yeah, while we're sleeping, while we're on the holidays, weekends, public holidays, federal holidays are pretty big for those types of destructive attacks. Yeah, I'd also say it's almost as in each of these steps is a separate team. So we will see from an attacker perspective a team that is focused on initial access. And then there's a team focused on privilege escalation, so three and four. And then they pass it off to a different team who's more focused on the data side. So you also see that interplay of how the teams come in and they almost have like a shift-based schedule in that regard. Yeah. And you can see the full lifecycle here, right, of the attack. Initial access on-prem, sophisticated privilege escalation within AD, pivoting to the cloud using legitimate credentials, evading defenses, stealing data, and ultimately executing a destructive attack, all spanning a hybrid environment. Seeing this step-by-step, let's talk through some high-level gaps that we've observed. And I want to really kind of pinpoint those gaps under the security and response area. Three main areas in particular. First, security misconfigurations, right? The exploitation of ADCS or Active Directory Certificate Services is a prime example. It's not even a zero day. It's a well-known misconfiguration that anyone can abuse directly by installing open-source tools like Certify. Second, response and containment. Even after the initial compromise and privilege escalation, there were many opportunities to contain that blast radius. The attacker successfully moved laterally, accessed a password vault, pivoted to the cloud, executed a series of recon commands. Effective containment strategies, especially at the identity and the network control points between on-prem and the cloud, could have probably stopped this spread. And third, detections. There were several areas throughout the case studies where stronger detections could have altered this outcome. Having seen these gaps, having seen the case study across a hybrid infrastructure, will now turn to a case study that's purely focused on extortion within a cloud environment. In our case study, it began with an attacker getting a hold of a leaked service account. They got their hands on a service account. They used that service account to programmatically authenticate to the victim organization's cloud environment through the API. And once they were in, it's a series of recon commands as well, just understanding the lay of the land, understanding what services are used and where data is hosted. Then, as simple as it is, they started mass downloading data. As part of that stolen data they were downloading, there were more credentials hidden inside that data they exfiltrated. Some of these credentials allowed access to other systems, cloud applications, SaaS portals, and other cloud environments. And that's where it gets interesting. We see the attacker reusing some of those additional compromised credentials to directly and programmatically log into the second cloud provider instance managed by that victim organization as well, and they start the same series of executing recon scripts, commands through the API. We then see them modify firewall rules on critical database systems that would allow traffic to flow from the victim organization's cloud environment to the own attacker's infrastructure. And then lastly, the end goal was achieved. Sensitive data was exfiltrated to be used against the victim organization for extortion. So we've walked through two different case studies, one hybrid, one cloud. Now let's take a step back and analyze at a high level what are the common underlying gaps that we've seen throughout those case studies. As Jeremy stated, successful disruptive attacks are rarely caused by a single mistake. It's a systematic failure across the people process and technology. Across the people, we saw gaps related to awareness and training like the initial phishing malicious download in the first case study or potentially how cloud service accounts were handled in the second. There's also a challenge of organizational silos when security teams lack the visibility or coordination across different environments which is pretty, pretty common because these are two distinct teams, a team that manage on-prem versus a team that manage cloud. Across the process level, significant gaps often lie in processes also and that would include insufficient monitoring and actionable alerting, detections as well, and lack clear of containment and remediation playbooks when an incident is enterprise-wide and that's touching both on-prem and the cloud. And of course, technology. Technology is always exploited. I don't think that's a surprise. But security misconfigurations in both case studies were likely the reason the attacker was able to do what they wanted to do. And beyond those specific configurations, broader technology issues like limited identity segmentation, weak or unenforced multi-factor authentication, those are core issues that fundamentally make the attacker's life much, much easier to move laterally, escalate privileges or implement destructive attacks. Ultimately, the key takeaway from these incidents is that strengthening resilience requires looking holistically across the board. Addressing one in isolation isn't enough. The people, process, and technology must all work effectively together. And I'll pass it over to Scott to walk us through our response section. So I'm going to talk a little bit about a comprehensive cyber and legal response strategy. And so, you know, this is where a technologist might say, geez, why is there a lawyer on stage for this? There's a lot of legal risk in what all of this means and what we just talked about. But there's other reasons why lawyers are involved. And in part, it's that risk mitigation from an operational perspective that a good cyber lawyer can help you identify early on. So when the compromise comes, the legal team is often involved and often needs to be involved and I would say always needs to be involved. We like to be involved early and often so that we understand both our clients' technology but also their objectives with what they're doing and their strategies with what they're doing. So, for example, if you're moving from an on-prem to a hybrid or to a cloud strategy, I would say that lawyers have an important role to play, not just on the contracting side but in understanding where that risk lies. We then get eventually to the incident response so an attack occurs. And I'll walk you through kind of what's in my mind when I first get that phone call. First and foremost, my initial thought is how big of a problem do we have? And we see organizations overreact and underreact. It's the underreaction that always worries us. Almost all of these matters start small, right? A single user is compromised. A single part of the environment is compromised. And what we like to do is ask questions of, okay, are we sure that we've scoped the initial assessment? You know, two hours in, have we scoped the initial assessment of what we need for an incident response team properly? What I ask about is what do we know and what don't we know? And let's make sure that we're not making assumptions on what we don't know because I just read an article about this happening down the street to somebody else. So we ask questions like, well, what's compromised? And what's the effect of those compromised? Do we have a patient zero yet? Do we know how they got in? Do we understand whether that, whether the threat actor who's in is still in and whether they're active, whether they've gone dormant, or do they have the ability to move laterally through the environment? And then we immediately start thinking about what forensic evidence are we going to need to gather? Not because I might someday be in court, but because I have an obligation to actually investigate what happened here to my critical assets. And then along the way, we'll start, you know, working with Mandy and we'll start seeing what we call noise, right? So we'll see rabbit holes. We want to chase down those rabbit holes to understand that there's an end to them and that it's not another threat actor or another lead that we need to explore. But we see a lot of noise from commodity malware. It's all over your environments and that's not going to change anytime soon. This is generally a structure for how we try to build a response team, right? So I don't like to be on top because lawyers tend to be egotistical and like to be in control. I like to be on top for an investigation because it is an investigation. At some point along the journey of incident response, we started using these terminology like incident response. What this is, it's an internal investigation. Why we're doing it? Because the law requires us to do it. The law in every state in the United States requires you to investigate a loss or threat to material assets of an organization. You have an obligation as an organization to do that, to protect your assets. Technology is one of the biggest expenditures of most organizations and so we as employees of that organization have an obligation to protect those assets. So we like to put ourselves at top. You'll hear other lawyers talk about legal privileges and all of those things and those apply. What we also like to do is bring in actual expertise. So expertise that has the judgment to say, is this like something I've seen before or is this something totally new that we've never seen before? Might surprise you, but working with Mandiant, they see new things. They see new things from old threat actors. They see new things from people guising themselves as old threat actors. And so we are learning constantly together. They're obviously learning with all of their customers. We're learning from our clients. You bring together a team of experts to support your internal folks. Now, there's security inside your organization, hopefully, but what's not on this is your IT team, right? So one of the things that we immediately like to start trying to figure out is if you have a hybrid environment, where are those critical assets? Where are those critical assets and who's in control of them, right? Is it your cloud provider that's in control of them? And how do we immediately start a conversation with that cloud provider to make sure we have visibility into their environment and they understand what's going on with ours? So that's that incident response side. It's not just about collecting the data. It's about trying to figure out basic questions that who, what, where, when, and how that lawyers like to ask. Then you flip over to the remediation side. And there, that's the OMAR side, right? So what we like to immediately start doing is how are we going to turn the lights back on in this organization? And that can be very difficult. We will traipse all over evidence that lawyers love to retain. We have obligations to retain them. A good lawyer will walk you through. That's okay. We'll traipse all over that because we have to turn the lights back on in this organization. And you can see here the containment recovery and hardening. I think all too often this part of the conversation when a lawyer's on stage starts talking about ransomware. Unfortunately, that's not the only threat we see, right? We see, say, corporate espionage constantly these days. Espionage from competitors. Competitors stealing others' technology and thinking it's okay because it was available on the internet. And that's okay because it was public. But that containment side is much broader than, say, just the ransomware attack. That containment side is, okay, we had a user that was popped. And from that one user, the threat actor got to a place in the environment where they never should have been able to get to. That requires a pretty significant containment strategy and execution that is not a small chore. Just because the compromise was small, maybe even your breach team like your lawyers have left, but you're left with figuring out, geez, did we put together this technology wrong in the first instance such that there needs to be a greater amount of containment, recovery, and hardening focus going forward so that particular threat never comes to bear again. And this slide kind of gets into a little bit of more information about the legal, the forensics, and the remediation and how we put it together. So here, we're outlining the fact that we're focused as lawyers, not on the courtroom. That is what I do. So I'm an investigations and litigation lawyer. I stand up in the courtroom and defend our clients after the breach. But initially, we're focused on operations, your technology, whether it's usable, and then your external parties, right? Those aren't just your customers, they're your vendors, they're your suppliers, and they're sometimes your board of directors. We're also thinking about things like, geez, when do we need law enforcement to come to bear any of their energy and tools that they can bring to bear to help us? And we have great partners here in the United States that have remarkable expertise there. From a forensics perspective, we have a lot of basic questions. We were talking about EDR earlier, and I would say more times than not, we find from the legal perspective that we have nowhere close to the level of visibility in the environment that the security team thought they did, right? So Mandiant will come in and 48 hours later, they'll say, well, we see the threat actor moving, moving, moving, and then they disappear. They disappear as soon as they get to the environment, say, in France. Well, it turns out we forgot to put EDR in France or put any of our other logging in France that's coming into the sim. And this happens a lot, and we ask partners all the time on the proactive side, just do an audit. Do you actually understand all of your endpoints in your environment? Do you understand the devices on your network, and do we have visibility on those? So here I want to spend a little bit more time. So these are common challenges that we all face collectively, right? So one, internal communication silos. A lot of times on bigger attacks, you know, a couple weeks in, we'll ask some simple questions like how did we not know that we didn't finish implementation of XYZ? And it turns out that someone at the organization did know that. Maybe they ran out of budget. Maybe the person who was responsible for that particular project left because they got a better job. But these internal communication silos on technology build configuration has a remarkably significant amount of security risk. Now, oftentimes, the security team is much smaller than, say, your IT team or your IM team. And so breaking down those internal communication silos is really critical. Your CISO can't be in every meeting, but there needs to be a structure so that he or she understands kind of what's going on within the network, within the environment on any given day, what's been done, what hasn't been done. External communication management. So this is the other side. When you have a compromise, you often are forced to speak, both because the law requires you and sometimes your customers or at least your marketing team, sales team, will demand it. What you say and how you say it depends on how fast Mandiant can figure out what's going on. Right? So generally, in the United States, if you're a public company, you don't have an obligation to speak under, say, SEC rules unless you're speaking. And this paradigm is shifting, right, because there's reporting requirements now. But that's the general rule. When you speak, you have to speak honestly and completely, meaning you can't omit things. This is a remarkable challenge when, you know, 48, 72 hours in, say your organization is unable to ship, you need to tell people that something's going on. You don't want to lie to them and say it's an IT outage when you're encrypted. What you say and how you say it is something that you can practice, but it requires a number of constituents. It starts with your IT team. And then, we turn to Mandy and say, what are we able to figure out? What do we know today? What don't we know? Let me jump a couple. So, navigating cyber insurance policies. This is a topic that lawyers often focus on really early on. There are different types of lawyers out there, some who work for insurance companies, some who don't. This is one of the early pressures for the organization to speak, right? So, you have to think about triggering insurance coverage. How you trigger that, who triggers that, and what you say to that insurance company is critically important to make sure that you're securing available coverage. I would hazard a guess that a lot of organizations have bought cyber insurance because they understand that maybe their technology wasn't built properly and so they carry cyber risk. This is that mentality that lawyers have been kind of pushing for about seven, ten years of it's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when. And what I would suggest is we should change that dialogue. We should take ownership of the risk that we have within our infrastructure and not accept it's a matter of when. Now, you have risk that presents every day, right? Because we have users logging in and people make mistakes. But I don't think we should say, okay, it's a matter of when I'm going to get compromised. That kind of fatalistic approach I think is not helping us. And cyber insurance isn't there to cover that it's a matter of when. We need to do better on that. And then let me just talk to the last one. We have overwhelmed security teams. We also have security teams who don't have the level of experience and expertise that they often need. so some people might say being a CISO at an underfunded company is probably the worst job in the company. In part, because they have a remarkable amount of pressure to keep the place secure. But they also have a massive lack of skill on their teams. There's just not enough skill in the United States to field all of the obligations that companies have. And so, turning outside to outside organizations is something that we're going to continue to see, especially with the prevalence of AI coming into your environment. And it's something that you should focus on. Focus on it honestly now. And let me just talk quickly about a couple of takeaways. So, I don't know if these slides are available, but here's some practical takeaways on the screen. I see some of you taking screenshots of these, so I won't go through all of them. But you can see we've got legal, me, security, Jeremy, recovery, Omar. I'm going to go through the first two phases quickly, but you need to establish the intersections between core security, legal, and recovery elements in advance. And we give you some ideas here on how to do that. You also need to enhance the foundational monitoring, your initial legal protocols, meaning your incident response plan and your other security policies. They need to be reviewed by legal, making sure that you're mitigating that risk, and then establishing your basic response and recovery based on your environment. So that hybrid environment that we were just talking about, all of this needs to be built for you. Thanks, Scott. Yeah, and I would say even in those phases too, making sure we have that basic identity. You know, I think it's going through what logging do we have available, what is there for the team. You know, I think once we get through the foundational stage and kind of that preparation, you know, really around that protect, so strengthening defense and testing. You know, again, as we shift there, we move kind of beyond just basic readiness and we're starting to proactively defend against known threat actors and really validating our capabilities. So, you know, this means implementing security controls targeted at preventing attackers, you know, understanding legal implications as we continue our defense and intelligence, but crucially, I would say in this phase is testing. I think a lot of organizations implement security controls, utilities, tools, et cetera, but we never have that full fundamental testing. So, you know, as an example, if we have a security, you know, alert or tool put in place, let's test and see if it does catch and block and we get the alerting we expect. Also, I think it's really important to focus on testing of the recovery phase. So, going through and actually going to real-world testing example to see, you know, are we meeting the SOAs we've defined? Did we identify new dependencies on critical applications? I will say in every organization when you list out your critical applications, we identify more dependencies than you would first encounter. But really, it's going through and hardening defenses and then making sure we have the documentation and testing. And Jeremy, does testing include validation there as well? Yeah, 100% validation. So, I would tell you right now, if anyone has a BCDR plan, please take down a domain controller and see if the team can bring that system back up in the time expected or whatever critical system you'd like to choose. Any of those things are critical. Last week, we're really about uplifting an organization. So, again, at this point, if we have foundation, we have prepared, we have protected, this is really about just maturing and uplifting the organization. So, this is where I'd focus on advanced security design like identity tiering to make privilege escalation much harder. And it also gives you a lot of opportunity for creating alerting. Also, creating a dedicated, isolated recovery environment to ensure that you're able to readily recover even if it is an enterprise-wide destructive attack. And with that, again, testing it. Whenever these things are put in place, make sure we're testing and validating that it is what we would like. That's the main part is really having that technical resiliency without the organization. Awesome. And then, just to bring it all together and wrap up, as we've explored the evolving threat landscape, walked through real-world compromise scenarios, looked at paths towards better and greater security maturity. To summarize, the key takeaway is that effectively reducing your overall attack surface is not a single tool, configuration, or control. It's truly a multi-layered approach. It demands consistent implementation of targeted restrictions, hardening measures, response actions, detections across the different layers of your identity, resources, network, and endpoints. But crucially, implementing and managing these layers effectively isn't a technical task by itself. As this slide highlights, truly reducing your attack surface demands a unified collaboration across your legal, security, IT, and recovery teams. We need to break down the traditional silos that we see to establish that comprehensive layered security framework we talked through. It's by working together proactively, aligning them policies, sharing threat intel, coordinating response efforts, and ensuring recovery plans are integrated that organizations build genuine resilience against the cyber attacks we talked through. And with that, thank you all for your time today. Hope you enjoy the rest of your conference.ogueone ہ