 I am so excited to be here today, and I'm really glad that there's actually people in the room, because who knows at an 8 o'clock session if that's going to happen. My name is Karen Jameson, and I lead content for cloud learning services within Google. And I'm really, really excited about this session and also to bring up Andrzej Tepeka, who is Deutsche Bank's Chief Technology Officer for the U.S. Tech Center, and also Distinguished Engineer. So he's going to come on a little bit before that, but before he does, I want to tell you a little bit about some of the things that we have to offer within cloud learning services. So my team at Google creates content, technical content, to help anyone anywhere gain the skills they need to succeed with Google Cloud technologies. And we do that through our product called Google Cloud Skills Boost. And before we get going, though, because I know it's super early, I know you're probably like, maybe I didn't get that coffee, or maybe I did, but it really hasn't kicked in. So I'm going to do a little bit of audience participation. So I want you to think about your skills over the last two years. A lot has changed in the last two years. AI is now an everyday thing. Security challenges are growing. I want you to think about, have your skills, do you feel in the last two years, do you feel like your skills have needed a little boost? So raise your hand if you feel like in the last two years, you've needed a little boost in your skills. And I want you to look around, because when you raise that hand, there are so many people in the room who are raising it with you. Because we all are feeling like things are changing rapidly. And I know, for example, in my role, that my skills have changed every day, and I need to keep up. And in fact, 70% of the people out there beyond this room also say that their skills are out of date, especially related to AI. And that's not the only challenge, because skills just don't last as long as they used to. Today, the average half-life of a skill is six years. But that is going to dramatically decrease by 2030 to just two and a half years. Two and a half years. So that, to me, I was kind of like, oh my goodness, when I saw that stat, I was like, wow, that's pretty scary. But I know that there's some really good news. If you, in the audience, are like many other organizational leaders, then you can grow a culture of continuous learning. And we know in CLS that that is the right approach. Because a culture of continuous learning helps businesses and learners get ahead in skills. And this is particularly true with AI skills, where people are just feeling like they're falling behind. How could you not? Things are changing so rapidly. And by the way, Google Cloud Skill Boost significantly outperforms other cloud learning platforms in helping learners stay ahead of the game. 86% of cloud decision leaders say that Google Cloud Learning resources have helped them stay ahead in AI. And another good thing, a culture of continuous learning builds confidence, not only for the people who are building those skills, but also for organizations who are supporting them. 82% of people using Google Cloud Learning say that it boosted their confidence in their role. And that helps them do more things, risk different things, able to really take a risk and go to the edge. And 90% of leaders from organizations that are using Google Cloud say that certificates help their confidence in their candidates' knowledge and ability. It helps them know that they're hiring the right people. And finally, learning drives higher ROI for businesses. The ROI of building a culture of continuous learning in the face of AI is significant. 73 learners, leaders, and decision makers report a higher revenue since their organizations started engaging with Google Cloud Learning services. And this, again, is significantly more ROI than those engaging with other cloud platforms. So to sum it up, building a culture of continuous learning is imperative in getting ahead, building confidence, and driving ROI in the age of AI. And Google Cloud Learning services is uniquely positioned to help you do all of that. Why? Why? Because we have a rich history of helping people and organizations like Deutsche Bank build and critically validate their organization skills. But how do we do that? Let's start with building skills. With the explosion of AI, people are coming to Google Cloud Skills Boost to stay up to date with their skills. And as I mentioned, with technologies rapidly changing, we focus on keeping our content up to date and relevant. And I'm so excited because this week we launched a brand new learning path with five brand new generative AI-based courses on Google Cloud Skills Boost. They are in a learning path called Generative AI Leader. And we've taken... made it really easy for you. There's a QR code, which I will not stand in front of. If you scan this QR code, then you will get immediate access to this learning. And please share it with anyone that you think might benefit. These five courses are going to build your skills from foundational level all the way up to some more advanced topics. Starting at the foundational knowledge in generative AI, you're going to learn about the Gen AI building blocks. And you'll get hands-on with prompt engineering using Gemini. Moving on, you're going to learn how AI can transform your work with apps like Notebook LM and Gemini for Workspace. And finally, you'll learn how to transform your work and your organization using hands-on technologies, getting hands-on with AI agents and building them. But I'm not just excited about what you're going to be learning. I'm really excited about how you're going to be learning it. If you haven't taken a course yet with Google Cloud Skills Boost, or if it's been a while, this is going to feel brand new to you. Because we've done a lot of research on learner engagement, and we are using engaging podcast-style videos to take you through key concepts. We've also got new interactive experiences like flip clouds and try-it-out sections. And here, you're going to dive deep into using Gemini, building AI agents, working with Notebook LM, and a ton of other hands-on activities. After you complete this course, you are going to have the confidence to use Gen AI to transform your daily work and your organization. So that's a taste of how we build skills. I want to talk about how we validate them, because that's really important. We have three validation options. We have entry-level certificates in areas like data analytics and cybersecurity to help people prepare for those first roles in the field. And beyond certificates, we offer certifications to validate practitioners' deep knowledge within a specific role. Included here are found foundational certificates like Cloud Digital Leader, and also more advanced ones like Professional Cloud Architect. And lastly, we offer many hands-on credentials that we call skill badges. And with these, you can quickly demonstrate hands-on mastery of specific skills. But now I want to share an example for an organization who's really setting the standard for learning programs, and that's our friends at Deutsche Bank. In just a moment, I'm going to bring up Andre. I'm very excited. But before I do, I want to share why we actually invited him here. Deutsche Bank has really cracked the code when it comes to ROI for continuous learning. And now they are learning so incredibly. I mean, this number that I'm about to say just blew my mind. Deutsche Bank leaders and engineers have taken over half a million, half a million labs. That is learning at scale. But just as importantly, they are working on a blended model with online training and virtual instructor-led training together. And all of that created in partnership with Google Cloud and tailored to work for their organizational needs. For example, up on the screen, we have four customized programs that Deutsche Bank has built in partnership with Google Cloud to help their teams build skills. Their cloud engineering program features customized advanced training that ends with a graduation ceremony for their newly certified engineers. engineers. And this is an extremely popular program within Deutsche Bank. They have thousands of certified engineers. Thousands. And their Gen.AI fundamentals program is also extremely popular. It has 6,000 participants so far. And it helps both technical and non-technical people get skilled up with foundational Gen.AI skills like prompt engineering. Next, Cloud Days. This program boosts employee engagement and morale by bringing together Google experts and Deutsche Bank experts in conversation. And finally, hackathons. This is a massive opportunity for Deutsche Bank's engineers to get hands-on with Google Cloud. And with this program, they are creating solutions for charity partners within the bank. So they're learning and doing good at the same time. And I just think that's so amazing. But now, what you might not realize after reading all of these things, that behind each of these initiatives are programs that you and your organization can take advantage of. So here's some of the things that we can offer. First of all, all Google Cloud customers can adopt the same kind of blended learning that Deutsche Bank has done at no cost to you. It's included in your Google Cloud licenses. So you can have access to Google Cloud Skills Boost where we have thousands of on-demand trainings. And I'll say it again because I want to make sure that everybody knows about this. This is included in your Google Cloud licenses. There is no additional cost. There's also great no-cost options for virtual instructor-led training like the Gen. AI fundamentals course. Or you can do what Deutsche Bank did and you can build out customized training on top of what we offer for your org's needs. For example, if you want to get more advanced and there is our highest tier of training, instructor-led training called Advanced Solutions Lab, Deutsche Bank has taken advantage of this many times and they use it and so can you to solve specific challenges within their organization. So you get the idea. You start with this free, no-cost fundamentals of on-demand and instructor-led training and then you build on top and you can customize your learning program just for your organization's needs. Ultimately, Deutsche Bank is creating a culture of continuous learning with this blended approach and they're seeing big return on investments and that's why I'm really excited about this conversation we're about to have. So please join me in giving a very warm welcome to the distinguished engineer and chief technology officer of Deutsche Bank US Tech Center, Andrei Tepeka. Thank you so much, Kiran. Thank you. So Andrei, you know, we have had many conversations because you're so interested and passionate about learning but I wanted to start by asking you where did this love of learning start for you and what brought you to, you know, really wanted to dig into this? Thank you, Kiran and I'll start with some trivial or obvious items and learning is part of the package when you work in technology. It's what you do when you work with software. Everything changes all the time so you have to learn and then as you progress through your career it's not just about you learning it's also about helping others to learn and those are obvious observations. Less obvious item for me which I discovered is that not only it can create a lot of positive business outcomes but it also creates a lot of positive energy for the organization and it might be obvious to all of you since you're here at 8am after all the busy activities yesterday so you probably get it and I get it now as well but it is it could be an amazing source of positive energy for the entire organization and everyone involved including myself and I'll give you one example that example comes from effectively it comes from our graduation ceremonies which you mentioned and when you need to realize what it is right so we started in the COVID days so it's by design only design choice which we had was to run it as a global virtual program so we have this video calls at the end of the programs and we gather people to celebrate their achievement we try to create a very positive uplifting experience for them and they join from a dozen countries from different places and part of the ceremony right we have speakers coming in from Google from Deutsche Bank senior leaders we recognize the faculty members we recognize community but part of the ceremony is to take taking a group photo and taking a group of photo zoom style basically means that you ask people to turn on their cameras and then you take the screenshots and as you scroll through those screens and screens of happy faces people joining from their homes from their offices some of them come with pets some of them come with kids some of them come with colleagues but all of them are happy and smiling and super proud of their achievement which they worked hard on for several months very few things can beat that as a source of energy and inspiration for me so I'm incredibly grateful for being part of it and that's what motivates me so what I'm hearing is you're feeding off the energy that comes back to you from all of the people that you're impacting within your organization was there was there a pivotal moment that kind of crystallized for you the importance of learning within your career yeah I will I'll look back to 2011 and it has been a long time ago but it was when Stanford experimented with a very novel format of making their introduction to AI course by Sebastian Thrun and Peter Norvig available to anyone in the world so 160,000 people signed up for it that was unheard right so that was very novel experience back then and it was like a proper good course taken right out of the university campus right into the online environment and not only I learned about AI and the incredible progress and potential of it and remember that was before the deep learning revolution right so it really opened up my eyes to the possibilities there right but I also learned about very novel way of delivering training and it wasn't easy course right only 20,000 people successfully completed it but still it was phenomenal way more than Stanford ever could get into their audiences right so so that's that's that's where I started right and ever since looking back at that specific example that helped me to be very tuned in into what's going on in the world of AI I'm very grateful for the fact that I looked at it and I think like curiosity and learning go hand in hand you're curious about something learn it makes you more curious and it becomes a virtuous circle and that's how it worked for me what about yourself oh me well I think learning for me has been everything because my career has kind of gone like this I have you know I started as a librarian and you know and now I lead a content team and so you know within technology and so filling in the gaps has been really important through my career I think that without learning gives me the language to be able to talk to everybody because that's half of the problem is if you don't understand what people are saying or they don't you know you've got to get your street cred up I think when you have a non-traditional kind of path so learning has helped me fill in the gaps and given me the confidence to be able to have the conversations where I know I will have impact if I can kind of you know understand and be able to talk to people in the language that they understand thank thank you thank you for asking yeah well it totally makes sense right I think it's a foundation then that shared language shared understanding is a foundation for a shared purpose and shared success yeah and I think that's why I really like these foundational courses that we pull out because that helps everybody be able to sort of set the scene and they can you know they can join the conversation especially with AI being this kind of equalizer of many things because there's so many things that people who aren't engineers can do that if they have the language to do it so yeah so I know from our conversations that Deutsche Bank was facing a pretty big challenge when you all first started this journey with learning with Google Cloud what was the challenge to quickly skill up your entire team and talk to me about that and then also like how did you face it how did you approach it yeah sure and that was like approximately five years ago when we just started working with the Google Cloud and it generated a lot of positive response from our engineering community engineers were happy about the choice and they looked forward to working with the Google Cloud but we realized that while the excitement is there the experience wasn't and we had to face that it was clearly a constraining factor for us and with help of Google Cloud services and amazing partners who were helping us to build some initial training options and together with the distinguished engineers within the bank we explored all of the possibilities for us we started with instructor led trainings and that is a great way to quickly kickstart upscaling for your teams we used that to upscal our core team which was working on infrastructure and then we also explored all of the on-demand options and amazing resource skill boost was fantastic back then even better now and we play a major role in what we do and for us it was very important because it has such a wealth of information thousands of courses labs and learning paths but what we discovered at the end is that the most optimal strategy for us was to blend the best elements of instructor led training and elements of the sort of supervision and oversight and things which would typically be part of the instructor led training so pulling together the best element of that gives the best combination of efficiency and effectiveness of those trainings yeah I like that blended approach between online and also instructor led can you talk a little bit more about the blended approach I know that you have some programs specifically for your engineers how do these programs work yeah and that's the know how so it's difficult to describe all the progress which we made but I'll try to distill it to like maybe three or four key elements of it so first of all it's cohort based programs right people go through the learning experience together as a group they learn together they help each other they succeed together that creates a very positive group dynamic people pursue the same shared learning objectives which help them to get to the sort of finishing line second piece is that we have a clear structure right it's not so easy to navigate this space when you see so many different things to learn right but we lay out very clear weekly structure right each week you know what you need to do which courses you need to complete which labs you need to complete which sessions you need to attend we run weekly calls we preview that with learners we review the sort of prior week we do the knowledge check so there is like a very clear repeatable structure for this right and that helps massively our learners and another like third key element is that it was designed by engineers for engineers it's focused on the practical skill acquisition a lot of hands-on exercises we are biased towards that right so we love giving people labs and it's a great way to learn and we wanted to also mix in a lot of Deutsche Bank specifics as well right we don't want them to come in our environment and be not clear on how to operate our specific environment right so we add a lot of Deutsche Bank specific content which describes the additional products which we use on top of the Google cloud stack and the processes the architectures the solutions which we use and that helps massively because our objective is to get people to the state where they can finish on the course they can contribute quickly safely productively to the cloud transformation so that's that's basically the know how right and we thought about scalability from the start as well we have thousands of engineers right so there will be no use of a program which only can take care of hundreds of people right so that scalability was very important some of our learning sprints now have well over thousand people going through the same program simultaneously and that's another very important aspect right of it because it changes the economics of it it changes accessibility of it it changes a lot of factors there and we also love reuse right we established that repeatable pattern right which we now can use for the new technical domains we rolled out the same approach to not just to the cloud engineer program but also to architect dev ops engineer and so on there are like seven or eight different pathways which we created over the last five years right so that's basically it right so combination of efficiency of the inconvenience of the on demand learning with the effectiveness and success rate of instructor led training that's that's amazing so it's structured but it's also repeatable I love that and so earlier I talked about how you have thousands of certified engineers and so I'm guessing that there was some kind of mandate there that allowed you to make sure that people were completing this not really right so excitement over enforcement is our approach I'd rather spend energy on creating a very positive and engaging and useful learning experience rather than force people to learn I don't believe that right so I think like you really need to give people a value right and sort of mandate can mask the inefficiencies and ineffectiveness of your learning program so you need to really be like able to deliver value without those mandates right so sometimes it's necessary right but there are better ways of doing that you can look at the coverage you can prioritize the learners from the areas where you need to have them covered right so but no I don't believe that you can force people to learn I love that excitement over enforcement was that what you that's fantastic and I agree with you I think that you know with learning if the learning isn't engaging then it doesn't matter if you enforce or not because people won't learn so that's that's really interesting to hear so one of the things that we found we do we do large surveys of lots of different organizations across the world and one of the things that constantly comes up as a barrier for learning is time it's always one of the things that people say having enough time to learn is a challenge so how have you been able to carve out time for your engineers and leaders to be able to learn it's tough right so it's not just time it's also attention right and everything and everyone competes for it and I personally more than once signed up for assumption never completed it and guilt guilt alone is not sufficient to make make me do it right so you need to have some additional support structures right around it and it is really important to design the learning experience in the way which makes it easy to start and then easier to continue rather than drop off right and that is what we really focus on right it's all about it's these days it's less about great learning content it still is important it's necessary but not sufficient right so you also need to have that learning engagement and experience which drives people in and which creates exactly what I described right so it's easy to start so scalability goes a long way for that because we instead of waiting for like if someone wants to learn right we always have seats for them right we cannot another whatever thousand first learners to the program that's not a problem so accessibility helps and scalability helps to sort of to lure people in but then you need to have every element of the program designed in a way that it helps people to continue learning when things get hard and they will get hard right so life will interfere right you will need to do something at work at home whatever right so there will be distractions right so but coming back from that and having the elements of the program which motivate you to carry forward is hugely important right so there could be a lot of different things for different people in some cases you need to have a leader board because some people like a healthy competition right some people hate it right so you might want to give them a different view where they can so a lot of things right but a lot of it is also about people and community right when you have that shared learning objective that momentum which is created by the group is very important people are genuinely helping each other there is knowledgeable faculty there are people who have been through the program who are coming back and helping out and all of those things help people to get through it so gamification for those who are the competitor spirit and self reflection through the check marks and then that's really that's what we're hearing is helping a lot of other people so it's good to hear that also for me I like a good leaderboard I'm a kind of a competitive person but also community I agree that community learning is so important to being able to get help when you need it sometimes it's easier to get from your peers than it is to get from others and also your peers will be there when the learning stops well not that learning ever stops but outside of the course your peers will be there where your instructors might not so I think it's really good for to building that so we talked about a lot of things but now I want to do the show me the money kind of part of the conversation can you share about what kind of return on investment you're seeing for learning yeah of course and I mean the very simple way of describing it is that having thousands of qualified cloud engineers is helping us to move hundreds of applications to the cloud and that's a massive factor right so it's definitely we see that trained engineers the people who learned cloud skills it helps them to be more productive and innovative and it certainly is advancing the business outcomes right we see like better delivery velocity and ability to deliver more business value in our cloud environments and that's really is based on the foundation of those solid engineering capabilities within the organization right and you cannot really underestimate the importance of that but I would like to emphasize the people outcomes themselves right because they are hugely important as well giving people an opportunity to grow and develop is massive it's something which contributes to their job satisfaction substantially right so people love the environment where they know that they can learn and where that is supported and it absolutely impacts our ability to attract and retain the best people out there and genuine sort of orientation towards helping people also pays off right people see that we generally want them to grow and learn and that absolutely helps them then to feel loyalty and appreciation and absolutely translates to the great people outcomes and that positive energy in itself is a value add so doing well and doing good can come together with learning that's wonderful so we talked a lot about the cloud learning today but I want to zero down on AI specifically what what's next for Deutsche Bank when you think about the future yeah AI is in next year obviously a lot of interest to it the good thing is that we have the playbook the blueprints for the technical training we in fact a few weeks ago we rolled out Deutsche Bank generative AI developer course it's a very good solid curriculum with a lot of interesting content in it a lot of it comes from the skill boost and a lot of it is coming from the experts within the bank this is rapidly evolving area right so you want always to sort of refresh and continuously update it and it's well received like hundreds of people signed up for the pilot and I'm sure that thousands of people will benefit from this offering right but interestingly like unlike cloud AI attracts attention of literally everyone so it's not just techies who we need to look after it's also the business colleagues anyone working in any function within the bank right so and for that we've worked on this generative AI fundamental course which we have made available to everyone it's highly scalable from the get-go and it's amazing it's attracted thousands and thousands of people we have sessions all the way throughout the year and many more thousands of people will benefit from it and it's amazing work and amazing partnership with the Google Cloud team but also our partners out there right so thank you very much for that and I'm sure there will be more stuff coming there right so this is a field which is evolving very rapidly but we have a great foundation with all the frameworks which we developed with your help so thank you you're welcome thank you so we talked about AI learning but what about AI powered learning is Deutsche Bank doing anything there that you want to share yeah of course I mean I think that revolution is still to play out in the big world right so but we started our exploration and experimentation and one obvious idea which I had was like who is better place to teach people about prompting but the model itself right and so we built a little application which gives exactly that you can talk to the model you can learn basic information about it but more advanced techniques as well it can give you a chance to practice prompting but also then you can assess your skills and get your badge and people love it we are still testing it on the smaller scale but it's an example right and just one of the examples of how AI could make learning much more personalized interactive engaging and I'm sure that many more things like that will come through right so and we are very excited about the opportunity to sort of transform our own learning practices through that right so that's that's what we are doing that sounds very exciting I think about the program the scale of the programs that you've rolled out and I just think wow I'm sure that they as you rolled them out they were perfect and everything went to plan and everything was great everybody loved it there were no hiccups and I'm sure that that's also not true so how did as you were rolling out these programs how were you testing them as you went what kind of feedback loops did you have and you know how did you know what was working or what wasn't well initially we did a lot of experimentation right as I said we gave everyone the access to for example to the skill boost right and we discovered that a lot of people are excited about that life interferes right and not a lot of them necessarily use it as much as they could right so you need sometimes to give them a little bit more than just resource right but also a bit of a direction right on where to go and how to go about that we also built in our programs with that feedback loops right in there so every week we have those calls right and every now and then we run the surveys right and from the first sprint my promise to all the learners was that you give us feedback we absolutely will look at that we will try and implement that and make some quick wins and genuinely sort of listen to the community we don't have all the answers but the collective wisdom of thousands of people is very useful resource and you would want to harness that within your programs so to this day we still take those feedback surveys very seriously they are not just about scoring us on the ratings and satisfaction scores which are also important but it's also about that row unfiltered feedback about things which work which do not work which we ask questions what other learning resources they are discovering what helps them to learn so we try to sort of you know do the market analysis throughout our entire life cycle and that's hugely important as well yeah so getting that feedback and being able to implement it probably built a lot of trust in your program as well so we're almost out of time we're very sad we're almost out of time but before we wrap up I'm thinking about our audience here and they're probably wanting like some practical tips of how would they if they would have started on this journey what would the three things be that they could walk away with and implement that would help them get started do you what are you thinking in those three things well I think like three things is way too little right but and I'm happy to stay and chat to anyone about anything right on this topic and I'm sure that this audience given that you're here in this room and this room is not it's like it's not very easy to find especially at 8am right and happy to stay for as long given your effort to come here happy to discuss this in more details but if you ask me just about three things first check out skill boost five years ago it was a wonderful resource I was very impressed back then but my estimation is like it probably became like five times better since then so it is now not only labs it's also courses right it's also the learning paths a lot of badges you like can find literally everything you need to have on the cloud and AI it's also free of cost which is my major benefit you also as organization can manage your learners which was not the feature five years ago right so it became a wonderful platform and if you haven't used it a lot definitely check it out phenomenal resource right it probably is a I mean it really puts you guys in its own league right so it's a great resource second piece is that a library of the great content is important but people also play a role right and enriching that learning experience with a little bit of you know human based interaction is important as well you guys run a lot of sessions which you can sign up for free every now and then it's incredible wealth of resources again but you also can access the instructor led trainings you can build custom programs so building that human based sort of learning is also very important sometimes it's less about learning right it's more about creating that curiosity and creating that engagement and which then translates into the better learning outcomes and the last piece which I will share is that don't forget about everyone within the organization not just engineers right I tend to focus on the engineers but really engineers just part of it and the lines are getting blurred a little bit as well right so it's not just about engineers it's about everyone so having that shared understanding shared vocabulary common way of talking about things is very important when you are trying to build a truly learning organization and that's what we are trying to do. That's fantastic so use GCSB add in instructor lead training building a culture of curiosity and learning and the third being make sure that you don't leave anybody behind. Exactly right. I love that. Okay well I just want to thank you so so very much for joining us today you're a wealth of knowledge and a delightful person at the same time. I've learned a lot and I hope that you all in the audience have as Andre said we're going to be hanging out outside they don't want us to hang out here they want us to hang out outside so we'll be hanging out to answer any of your questions that we can and if Andre oh great you're on the right slide that's fantastic so as you are taking out your phones figuring out where your next place to be is take a check check out these two QR codes one again is linking to the Gen AI leader learning path which I think you're all going to enjoy and please tell your friends and then the second one is we have a fun gamified experience that we'd love for you to take and this is the skills challenge. Here you can earn points engaging with content if you're an introvert like me and you need an excuse to go talk to someone at a booth yeah this is really helpful I would say and you never know there's there's some swag that you might be able to win if you get all of the all of the pins and you can get physical pins if you like physical pins you can get them in the learning and certification booth and also please please please sign up for the complete the survey we really want to know what resonated what didn't because we feel like this is a message that we want to get to everybody and we want to make sure that it's relevant feedback is important right that's one of the things that we said and again thank you so much Andre it's just been a pleasure talking to you and getting to know you over the last couple of years and have a fantastic day too everyone approval 박 thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you Thank you thank you thank you thank you