 Please welcome Dialpad CEO, Craig Walker. Hey, good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for coming. Today we're going to talk about the transformative effect that AI is having on the contact center. And I know you guys have been walking around. Every single thing, obviously, is AI, AI hype, every billboard, every booth, every single speaking session, every keynote. And this is no different. Although this one hopefully will have a little more reality to it because there is a lot of hype out there. But in the contact center space, AI is truly transformative, and it's really happening now. So what I want to do is look at two visions of the future for AI in the contact center. And Dialpad, sorry about that, Dialpad has been a leading provider of AI-powered business communications, including contact centers, since 2018. And there's really two visions of the future. And it's one is that AI is going to make agents and humans so much better at what they do in their job, right? It's going to give them the ability to answer questions more quickly, give them the ability to answer more accurately, give them the ability to take the best that AI has to offer of consistency and intelligence while still being very empathetic, while still being problem solvers, while still being able to have that human connection. So that's one point of view. The second point of view is that the future is going to be dominated entirely by autonomous agents. And there's not going to be a need for humans. And they're going to get so good and so intelligent that to have, and by the way, they never call in sick, they work 24 hours a day, and they're never going to miss a question. They're going to give the right answer every time. People are going to get more used to interacting with agents like this. And the need for humans is going to go away. Go away. So those are the two competing visions. And who knows when that's going to happen or what's going to be the catalyst to get it to that stage. It could be soon. It could be years from now. But when we talk about future-proofing the contact center, the vision is we want to have a solution that solves your need regardless of where you are on that journey. It does make me, and I'm a student of history, so I think about things in the past that have been somewhat like this. Where have there been technological changes that truly changed an industry and where business leaders might have missed it? So I have a couple examples here. Number one, 2007, Steve Ballmer, CEO of Microsoft, talking about how the iPhone won't be good for a business as a business tool because it lacks a keyboard. And, by the way, it's $500 and it has to be fully subsidized, et cetera. His strategy was Windows Phone 7, and we all know how that turned out. Another example, Ed Zander, CEO of Motorola, made phones, asked the question, who listens to 1,000 songs? Well, the answer is everybody. And now it's every song you could ever imagine on the planet you have access to. What else was a big mistake? Ken Olson, founder of DEC in 1977, one year after Apple launched its first personal computer, goes out and says there's no reason anyone would want a computer in their home. Did not turn out great. And the one that I like the most is Blockbuster. And this is 2008 when the CEO of Blockbuster said Netflix is not even on the radar screen in terms of competition. That's one year after Netflix had launched their streaming service. So, as you all probably can guess, all right, at the time he said that, Blockbuster was worth five times more than Netflix was. Fast forward a little bit. Netflix is worth $8 billion. Blockbuster is bankrupt. And fast forward to today. Netflix, and apologies to the stock market the last couple days, used to be $410. It's $394 billion, but that's still a lot. So, it's an incredible technological change. And, in fact, the CEO, Reed Hastings of Netflix, even said, the Stone Age, Bronze Age, Iron Age, we define entire epochs of humanity by the technology they use. And, like I would say, we're in the AI age today. So, Stone, Bronze, Iron, AI age. It's truly that transformative. So, that's where those are the two competing views of what the future will look like. Our vision is to bring it to you so you can consume it any way you want. And we've been at this since 2018, providing this AI-powered business communication service. And we have three main products. We have Dialpad Connect, Dialpad Cell, Dialpad Support, all with real-time AI in it. And so, since we've been doing this since 2018, we now have over 9 billion minutes of business-specific, business-centric conversations as training data for our AI models. And that sounds like a lot. It is a lot. That's actually 17,000 years worth of training data. So, 17,000 years worth of training data, it allows you to make a model, not just a generic model, but a model for sales or a model for support or a model for recruiting or a model for just general business communications. The next step is going to be making specific models for every industry. So, then it gets even more accurate and even more useful and makes your agents and your sellers more effective. The cool thing is you can see that that's increasing pretty steeply. So, as it gets more and more useful, more and more people use it. It creates more and more training data. It gets more and more useful. So, it's this great virtuous cycle to have this proprietary data moat to go build these very specific models using. And we think of it as this, where does that innovation come from? It's really kind of like leading to this, what we call this AI flywheel. And so, first, you're going to end up with models that are built specifically for those use cases and for those industries. And it's only going to get more and more and more refined. Number two, it's going to have agents, whether they're human agents or autonomous agents, that actually know you. It's going to know what you've done in the past. It's going to know what you've purchased in the past. It's going to know and hopefully anticipate what you're going to need before you even ask. Third, every one of those interactions, every single text, every single phone call, every single interaction with the customer, that's a microtransaction. You can measure what happened on that specific call. But if you aggregate them all together, you get this macro insight. You get to understand how your business is doing overall. It's not just what happened on that one thing, but what is your customer satisfaction level when a specific product is mentioned? How often does a competitor get mentioned? Things like that will lead to really great insights on how to run your business better. Fourth, ROI becomes real. And we're already seeing this today. We're seeing just in empowering using AI to make the humans better that there's true ROI. There's ROI because you can handle issues quicker. You can have higher customer satisfaction. You need to hire less agents because a human agent today can handle more than they used to handle in the past. And it truly does save a ton of money, increases satisfaction, and is a great investment. And then lastly, today, we call it humans on the loop. I put it in the parentheses for now because for a while, it's going to be very human-centric. I'd say on that continuum, there's probably in the first or second inning of going from human to agentic. There are certain use cases where you can go to agentic sooner, but on complicated things or things where people, customers, expect to talk to a person, there's still going to be a lot of humans involved for the time being. But you can't lose sight of the future. So yesterday, it was just humans trained to answer phones and give solutions. Today, we have this hybrid model where those humans are made better by AI. Tomorrow, at some point in the future, and that's the beauty of having a future-proof platform, it's going to be more and more agentic up to the point where it will be entirely agentic. So in closing, I'd like to say, ready or not, the future is coming. You don't want to be blockbusters, so embrace it. Get ready for it. And then find, like Will Rogers said, even if you're on the right track, you still get run over if you just sit there. This is not a thing that you can wait on. You can't run a contact center and say, I'll figure it out in the future. It has to happen. You've got to start embracing it now. It's not like moving to the cloud where you could drag your feet. Literally, if you don't start embracing and putting these tools into your contact center, you're going to fall behind. Your customers aren't going to be as happy. You're going to have higher churn, all those types of things. So with that, we're going to please come by our booth. We're in booth 1960 or 1940 in the Expo Hall right next to the Puppy Park. So if you want to go get entertained, it's an awesome thing. And with that, I would like to bring out Brian Goldstein, General Manager for Strategic AI and go-to-market, or ISV go-to-market at Google. So come on out, Brian. What's up, Brian? All right, man. Great. Great. Good to see you. Good to see you, too. How's the show been? The show's been awesome. It's been a lot of fun. What was the coolest thing you heard from Google all this time? I think this, for me, this Ironwood chip, the seventh generation of the TPUs that we've announced is so exciting. And we'll talk a little bit about this today, but just the proliferation of this part of the stack. So exciting and fascinating to watch. It's happening. It's such a rapid clip. Let's just jump to that, then. Let's just go there. Because you guys offer a variety of chips for different uses and different applications. What do you see the future and the opportunity is for GPUs, TPUs, all of that? Yeah. So I guess what I'd tell you is, for starters, for a very long while now, companies have been absorbing our AI infrastructure, our TPUs and our GPUs, in order to do sort of model training. And what we're seeing proliferate of an incredibly rapid clip is consuming this technology in order to do inference. And it's really exciting. And if you think about just how basically every emerging company and every application that's being produced today requires at some point in its business flow to go back and talk to one of these specialized chips in order to conduct its work, the opportunity for this part of the market to just grow at an incredible scale is frankly unprecedented. And it's one of the pieces that we're most excited about. The other piece that I would say is, in the same way that the language models, when they first emerged, were very general purpose. And then over time, they started to become highly specialized. I think we're going to see that continue to happen with the chips. And as opportunities emerge to do work in ways that we're not even thinking about today, these chips will show up and solve for those problems. So super exciting part of the market. And I love the ability for Google to give optionality. And I love the idea that over time, optionality will just increase. Right on. Well, as a big user of all things Google, Dialpad actually spun out of Google back in 2011. My founding team, we came from Google Voice. Like, we're built in Google Cloud. We do as much with you as humanly possible. We can't wait to get the benefit of that. So I'm fired up on that. So am I. Right on. Okay. Okay. So we hear a lot about chatbots. And I think it's because it's one of the obvious, easiest use cases to really prove that AI is real and can have a material impact. What do you see beyond that? Like, what else are you seeing on the horizon? Yeah, it's interesting. I love the way you asked that because in my mind, chatbots are more like a continuum than they are a point in time. So certainly, if you look back just a couple of years, we weren't realizing the amount of value from chatbots as we are today. And today, it's just mind-blowing how much we are able to experience in such a contextualized fashion when we engage with them. And I guess I would say part of looking beyond chatbots includes chatbots. There's a future where personalization continues just in time sort of analytics exist inside of the chatbot so that it can make decisions as it's engaging with its audience in this sort of customer capacity. And so that's a big piece of it. It would be amiss not to acknowledge this agentic shift at the same time. So I think that's a big part of what tomorrow starts to look like very, very, very quickly. The reason that I think the agentic shift, frankly, is so interesting and important is because if you think about the customer engagement experience, part of the limiting factor today is just the fact that there are so many assets that have insight and information around the customer. Bringing them together in real time and from so many disparate sources in real time so that you can contextually communicate with a customer through that experience, it's very difficult to do. I think agents completely shift that and change that. And it's just going to be an entirely new era of efficiency. It's a paradigm shift like some of the ones that you've talked about on the stage already and a massive one at that. Super exciting. Yeah. And in fact, we can't wait to bring them to customers ourselves. So that's awesome. Okay. So now that customers or business people are kind of removed from the mundane and the repetitive and the things that make work not necessarily the most enjoyable and can focus more on strategic and a little broader umbrella of what they're going to do. Like what impacts do you see that happening across, you know, basically just across business? Yeah, it's a really good question. You know, I think the thing that AI has done an incredible job of is allowing us to step away from some of the rote tasks that we all used to do. I like to think of it as those were things that we had to do in order to, it was work we had to do in order to get to the work that we sort of wanted to do. And I think AI has done a tremendous job of picking up those tasks. It's allowed us to free up a little bit and think more creatively and think more strategically about problems. And when I think about this whole sort of round trip of AI doing components of the work and humans doing components of the work, I think there's this really amazing marriage where you can use on the front end technology and computers to do things that, frankly, humans are error prone at. And then you can feed that into this strategic thinking and creative thinking model and you come out with the most optimal results in that experience. If you think about something like, I don't know, slide creation as an example. So we used to spend, you know, however many hours trying to put together a deck in order to get up and present something. Now you can sit back and think, what am I trying to convey? And then you ask a computer to build it. It's really absolutely game changing and remarkable. And so I think the joy quotient that people are experiencing with work as I sort of travel around and talk to executives is only increasing. I think people are enjoying what they're doing more. They're spending more time doing the things that they either were highly trained in, they went to school for, or they're just passionate about instead of doing the detailed pieces that they needed to do in order to get there. So I love the slide example. I remember back in the Google Voice days doing prepping for an Eric Leary Sergey review. Like literally 100 hours spent on Slack. It took for absolutely ever. So amazing. Okay. So I think like, you know, we're all zealots and believers here. We've all been walking around Google. We see that AI is truly real, can change your business. It's not just hype. It's not going to be shelfware. Or, you know, what do you, what do you, if I'm a business owner wanting to go get the benefits of AI, like what's, what's my next step? Like how do I go make sure that my investment in AI actually produces some results? Yeah. So for starters, I just want to acknowledge, I think we're way past the hype cycle. It happened very fast. Yeah. I think we're way past it. And you're 100% right. I also think that there is a material economic impact across basically every single industry. You can't name an industry that doesn't have some material impact from AI at this point. So let's, for example, identify healthcare as one where this patient triage experience is just creating enormous efficiencies. Or if you think about finance, detecting fraudulent transactions is saving fortunes of money. And then when you look at like code completion and code assist, there's a massive amount of savings there that people are realizing. And I think while the things I just cited are like end customer examples, and I think they're the most interesting and they have the highest ham, you have to also look inward and acknowledge that with this agentic shift, the ability to accomplish work in such a rapid capacity and to do it in such a complete and holistic way is absolutely great. Game changing. In terms of how we're going to measure the ROI, I think sometimes when there's a technological shift, we get really excited about also changing the way we do everything around it. And I frankly believe we will measure it exactly the same way that we've been measuring business impact all along. We'll baseline out where we are now. We'll do some tests. We'll figure out what works. We'll determine what the return on investment is. I think it's all the same metrics. It's just a different technological paradigm. I'll give you an example of something that really kind of struck home for me on this agentic opportunity. I was working with my chief of staff just a couple of weeks ago, and we were talking about putting together a senior leadership team offsite in Austin. And she kind of jokingly went into our agent console and asked it for the agenda. Now, mind you, it's communicating with her email, with her chat, with her documents, with Gemini, and it spit out the agenda that we are going to use. There was no need to modify, no need to engage. It literally was able to pull out exactly what was topical and what was relevant for us. And so think about the amount of time we would have otherwise spent deliberating over what's going to resonate with the senior team. How are we going to engage them? How are we going to make sure that we spend two days in a thoughtful way and we utilize Google's money intelligently? None of that ever came up. The system just spit it out for it, and it was entirely right. So just a powerful example of how I think the return does exist, and it's super measurable. It's amazing. The amount of time you legitimately save about that is amazing. Last question for you. Since we're talking about AI contact center, how do you see that evolving, and literally, what do you see the future in that? Yeah, it's a good question. I mean, I think a lot of the technologies that we talked about in this conversation thus far are going to remain prevalent and enhance and become more powerful over time. I think sentiment analysis, as an example, getting engaged into the customer experience is going to have a real impact. And contextualization is only going to increase. All of these things are going to have a material impact over time. The one thing, though, that I'm most excited about in this domain is that while computers can do all of this incredibly effective work, and I believe we should leverage them as such, it is not a replacement for human empathy, and it is not a replacement for high-quality communication. And so in a perfect world, I think we bring together these two things, so human agents and computer agents, so that we can solve for challenges that are in front of us, but we can do it in a way where the computer takes on the pieces that make sense for it to take on, and the human takes on the empathy and is able to engage in a collaborative and meaningful and contextualized conversation that makes the customer or the consumer feel seen and heard and as if they matter. I love it. So you're more of the vision one than the vision two. That's right. That's right. That's great. I appreciate it. Right on, everyone. Brian Goldstein, thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you, my friend. That was great. Yeah. Next, I'm going to bring out Mike White, one of our great SEs, to give you a demo on the Dialpad Contact Center solution. So, Mike, take it away. Thank you. Mike, come on to shake your hand. I am. How are you? Yes. Good to see you, Mike. Thank you. Yeah. All right, guys. Before I jump in, as we're going to get the screen up, I do want to highlight we were talking about Contact Center, but if you noticed on Craig's slide, it was called support. Why do we call it support? Because everyone in the organization is there to support our customers and our clients. So we don't want to limit it to one group of people. We want to make sure that everybody is available to support the organization. We'll keep talking until this comes. There it is. All right. Well, Natala beat me to it, but let's take her call. Your call will be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Hi. Hi. This is Mike. How may I help you? Hi. I've been Googling a little bit, and I have a couple of concerns. I'm having some knee pain, but it seems like it might be serious. Okay. Can you tell me a little bit more about what's going on with your knee? It's just a little bit more stiff. Oh. And you said you Googled it? What did you find out? Well, it seems like it could have, like, longer side effects and attack the way a lock, maybe. Okay. All right. Before we jump in this too far, though, let me double check. What insurance do you have? I have Blue Cross. I apologize, ma'am, but we don't accept Blue Cross. Do you have anything else available? Yeah. It's actually Blue Cross Blue Shield. Oh, fantastic. We do accept the Blue Shield. One of the things I'm going to place you on hold for a second, Natala, that you guys will notice is I show up every day. I'm a health care person. I take these calls. I know everything that we're going to be doing during this conversation. What happens when my child is sick and I'm not available to come in? What do we do on those days? So we are going to offer the AI assistance of a playbook. And within this playbook, it's going to guide Pat from the back office, who's not up front doing what I do on a day-to-day basis, to get through the conversations. Now, what's really interesting about this is this playbook is looking for these topics that we're using, which are the important things that we want to accomplish within any conversation. But the nice part is we can also populate with some questions that's going to help everyone get through everything that they need to do within that call, even though they're not knowledgeable of what they may be doing. So think about how this can impact when you have people who are calling in sick or for your onboarding and ramping up. Now, I can potentially take what might be a six weeks onboarding and cut that down to three weeks because I can get people involved and on the conversations and on the calls much, much quicker. Do you guys see that those things could lead to a great ROI in your organization? How would that be impactful to be able to get someone out of training and highly productive in half the time as they normally would be? I think it would be fantastic. Bring Natala back for one second. Natala, we were able to get you scheduled for tomorrow at 4 p.m. Will that work for you? That's awesome. Thank you so much. Fantastic. Is there anything else I can do for you? You know, my ankles are irritating me. Oh. I'm not sure about that ankle part, but let's see if we have the ability for my AI assistant to help me out here. So now... And you guys have to forgive me because I can't talk and type. I'm not that skilled. But let's see what we come back with right here because, again, we've gotten her booked up and scheduled. So one of our clients, we have hooked into our chat bot here, our AI assistant. So I was able to ask the question. It's able to go get that data. We can hook this up to websites, your knowledge bases, things along those lines. But the best part is I can also connect this to a Google Drive folder. And everything you drag into that folder now is at this agent's fingertips. So when we were talking about that ROI getting real, we did a survey a couple of years ago of our clients who were using our AI tools. They were able to process twice as many phone calls as they were without this tool set. So, again, I've cut your ramp-up time in half, and I've made the people who are taking and processing calls twice as efficient. How is that for a great ROI? And the beauty back to what Craig was talking about with the human in the loop, I'm bringing all of this data to those associates so that they can be ready. I no longer have to say, hold on. I no longer have to ask for manager assistance. I'm no longer hunting and pecking across 12 or 13 applications to find my answers. All of those can be tied right back into this solution so that I know everything on the fly almost instantaneously. How many of you guys think that could be helpful in your organization? Fantastic. The other thing I will say is really great. I had another call with Natala earlier, and if you look here, I've got a great summary, some action items, things along those lines. What is important about this? Let's take me for an example. I'm a terrible note taker. Like, I don't capture any of the highlights, anything that I should be focused on, but my coworker Brian is absolutely fantastic at this. So, this is a consistent note that everyone's going to get. This is a summary of the transcription with all of the action items that were occurred in that call. And if I open up this side panel right here, you can see that as I have all of our integrations, I can also put this data. Oh, man, it logged out on me. But you can see it in the background there. All of the data is logged into Salesforce or your CRM of choice to eliminate all of that post-call activity, which is going to weigh down your associates and your agents as well. So, now, not only have I made you more efficient with your calls, I'm logging all the data for you so leadership and managers can get a very consistent experience, but I'm putting it in wherever you need it to be. And then you have your Salesforce nerds who can run off and fire off things off of this. It's going to make your organization that much more impacted. Let's jump back to Natala for one quick second. And, Natala, thank you for calling. We'll see you tomorrow at 4. You have a great day. Thanks, Brian. Goodbye. So, now, I've got three minutes of wrap-up time. What do I need to do at that time? Nothing. I've already gotten all the notes. I've got the action items. Everything I need is going to pop in just right here, just like you saw a moment ago. So, now, I can move on and be ready for my next call. And so, I'm just going to get rid of my wrap-up time. All of this is fantastic for the agents who are going to be productive, more productive during their day-to-day. But 20 years ago, I was a contact center manager. What are the tools that we have for those contact center leaders? Outside of speed of answer, average call time, length of call, all of those things. How useful is that stuff? In my opinion, it's not as useful as what we have today. So, we'll jump right here, and let's talk about some of the tools that we're going to give the contact center leaders so that they can be more productive and impactful with their day-to-day. How many of you guys have to sit down and have coaching sessions or one-on-ones with your associates? Anybody in the room do that? How much prep time goes into those conversations? On average, what I read is five hours of prep time for one hour of output. And it takes three to four coaching sessions for something to be impactful. What if I can cut that time down? If I scroll down here, I don't need to look at all 33 conversations. I can look at 11 because 11 was impactful to my organization. I scroll down, too. I can see how Mike is performing. As you guys can see, I'm not the best performer in the organization. But via coaching, I will get better. So, instantly, I can see my playbook adherence is less than 50%. My scorecards are 23%. So, automatically, I want to talk to Mike about the quality of his calls. The customers like him. He's getting a four over there, but he's not doing all the steps that we require to be a brand ambassador for the organization. So, if we think about that macro data leading into those micro insights, we're surfacing the things that are impactful for the organization so that I don't have to go looking for it. But all the data is behind here if you do want to see it. So, everything is right at your fingertips. How many of you guys also have this environment where you've got 10% low performers, 70% in the middle, 20% high performers, and you spend way too much time down with that 10%? I think we take the opposite approach. Spend all your time with those top performers. Replicate that behavior. So, let's look at what a good conversation looked like. I simply click right here. I can view the summary. And within the summary of this conversation, I will be able to quickly find all of the touch points that I need to see. And I've got one loaded in right here. There's the transcript summary. I've got all of those interesting questions and moments. Those real-time assist cards. Those were coaching cues that came up during the call to help the associate get through a conversation. All of these moments right here, when you're running this center or whatever and you want to see analytics based upon one specific item, how do you go find those items very quickly? Well, we can highlight those and bring those to fruition. But let's take a look at a few things here first. So, I want to see when Mike talked about payment. I simply click right here. I click into it. It takes me to that part of the transcript over here, that part of the recording. It tells me everything I need to know. Back when I was a contact center leader, that 12-minute call took roughly 25 minutes to do a quality review on because you had to listen to everything. You had to write everything down. You had to fill in a rubric. You had to pause, back up because you missed stuff. Now, with our AI, it will take you to the exact moment in time where you need everything right at your fingertips. Along those same lines, let's close this up. I can come in and I can see how we were doing with our playbooks. And it will tell me everything that happened and occurred during that conversation. But remember, during the playbooks, we had those questions to help guide the associates so they didn't have to know everything. But now I can see how everybody's performing. Quite honestly, with a simple click, same thing with my scorecard grades. And when I open up my scorecards, here's where everything occurred. What I like about the automation of the AI scorecard, this is all the basic blocking and tackling. Is your associate taking care of all the compliance questions, things along those lines? Now you take your QA team and you have your QA team do really in-depth, detailed quality reviews. Are these people now brand ambassadors? Are they representing your organization in the fashion that you want it to be? So with all of this, as you guys can see, the human is still owning the loop. The human is still in charge here, including the ability to override some of these checked-off questions. Because we, again, we want people to be first and the AI is there to help. A second ago, I mentioned how do we go find that single conversation about the thing that you want to really dig in on. This is all the calls, just like I showed you in that coaching hub, that now I want to focus on, are we sending out our forms correctly? So I've got one thing I want to follow up on, I want to check on. I can simply come in, run this, and let's see if we can find one that looks good here. Where's my mouse? I click on it, and now I'm inside of this call to do the same sort of quality review that I was doing a moment ago. But I don't have to go blindly clicking around to find a certain call on a certain day that was a certain time that you go to listen to it, and then it had zero value to the agent or the organization. You're starting from a point of knowledge and insight that you didn't have to go find all those things. And quite honestly, back when I used to do this, I waited until the last day of the month. I picked all the shortest calls. And again, zero value to the organization. But it's the truth, and if anybody isn't in the contact center space, you've probably done it too. Is this available for the pro version or the standard version as well? This is what I'm showing you right now. He asked if this is available in a pro version or a standard version. This is a part of our contact center license, so it's available across all the licenses in the contact center. Sure, I guess. Can you use your service to conduct political polls? It's normally possible to grant to do SMS and RDB guidelines. From a legal perspective, I honestly don't know if we can use it for political polls and things along those lines. That would be a great follow-up question. I'm certain with the texting rules now that might be a little more difficult. So if I come back over to this coaching hub and we look right here, one of the things I want to kind of tell you guys about is I was talking to one of our customers, and he was talking about how he loved our CSAT scores and our coaching hub because he was able to pull one of his associates to the side. Her name was Kelly G. He said she had a bit of imposter syndrome. She didn't feel like she was performing very well in the organization. He sat her down. He went through the other 40 agents in the organization, and the customers emphatically had her ranked number one. She came out of that coaching session, 50% increase in productivity. She was already the number one associate, so now she's really separating herself from the pack. So what you can see is you get a lot of data at your fingertips that you can begin to use to really impact the organization. We're going to roll a video right here to show you our next step behind the CSAT score to show you a little bit more about what we're going to be able to provide in this data and insights. So if you look here, this is the overall organizational CSAT score for 3.7 of all those calls. As we start to come down and we look at the top categories for improvement, you can now see the agent knowledge is someplace we need to begin to coach people on. The completeness of the resolution is the place we need to coach people on. So again, I go back to my days of 20 years ago. You listened to an hour-long call. You found something, a tidbit of information at minute 45, but you had to do that five times over and over before you got any value. We want to bring the value to the forefront so that you can see it instantly. With that being said, I think we're going to show you a little bit now about what the agentic future might look like. So right here, this is our dial pad admin interface. Within this interface, we also have a chat bot over here. And I apologize. I talk a little faster than the video, so please forgive me. But what we're going to do is we're going to come in here and we're going to ask it to update our business hours. This is just us drinking our own champagne. But if you start to think about the possibilities, what if you wanted to book a European vacation? What do you need for that? Well, you might need some flights. If you're going to hit a few countries, you might need some train tickets. You might need a couple of hotels. What if I put all that in, just like you're going to see right here, and then the agent goes off to execute? Without any human in the loop in this particular moment. So if you remember yesterday's contact center, I just showed you today's contact center. And this is a version of what tomorrow might look like. What I really like about what you're going to see right here, though, is we try to do a really good job of tripping up the digital agent, if you will, by asking it a tough question, also not necessarily putting everything into a standard format. So it's going to summarize it back, ask you to confirm it, and then once you confirm it, it's going to go out into the world and execute on your behalf. So as we start to look at getting far, far, far away from yesterday and operating in the world of today and going into the world of tomorrow, this is going to be great. You see how we abbreviated Wednesday and Thursday, did some different times? This is what's going to start to begin to be helpful for us and you to alleviate some of the pressure that our human agents are feeling and allow the digital agents to be at the front and center. And with that, I'm going to bring Craig Walker back up. He's going to close us out, and we'll go from there. All right. Thanks, Mike. Appreciate it. Thank you, everybody. And remember, come by our booth, 1940 Expo Hall, next to the puppies. Thank you for all your time. Really appreciate you all. Thank you. Thank you.