 . . . . . It is not a surprise in today's age that data and analytics are the key accelerants for transformation and creation of business value rapidly. Greetings, everyone. It's fantastic to see all of you here right after the keynote. I hope you all enjoyed the keynote. I felt energized seeing all the announcements. And I'm pretty sure in the keynote today, you heard a lot about AI and the innovation that we are doing. And what is the founding force behind all of the innovation that happens with AI, Gen AI, agent action, and so on? It's data. And I'm pretty sure you have heard within the industry or your conversation, data is the new oil. It is a catchy phrase, isn't it? And it implies value. It implies something fundamental to our modern system. But like the raw crude oil needs processing to become powering gasoline, data needs its understanding and context in order to be able to generate value from it. At its core, raw data is potential energy to the digital world. But just like the undefined oil can't power an engine, unprocessed data lacks the necessary structure and meaning to be useful. The vast amount of raw data that we are collecting, the digital exhaust of our modern lives represent a massive potential. However, without understanding the context, where it came from and what it represents and how it refers to the other data, it's like having barrels and barrels of crude oil sitting right here but not being able to use it. So we need to unlock our data in order to make it meaningful. So we tried to do a little equation here for those of you feeling to read mathematics. Data is equal to oil, oil is equal to energy, energy is equal to fuel. So let's talk about a few more variables in this funny equation if you call this as an equation. What are the variables here? When we are talking about fossil oil, this innovation that makes it into renewable oil, again, you know, play with me as I talk about this small little equation. The innovation is the key that unlocks the new form of essential energy. Similarly, deeper understanding transforms raw data into valuable data context, fueling AI, Gen AI, and even more importantly, agentic actions. The fundamental principle remains the same. Data is data. And its value is exponentially increased with the context that we deliver to it. So let's bring it back to where we started. If data is the new oil and the oil needs innovation to become sustainable energy of future, what happens when we apply the same logic and same catalyst innovation, sorry, one clicker, innovation to raw data to unlock its inherent context? So that's how we are creating energy for future. So where does this take us? So next time when you hear data is oil or data is the new oil, remember, it's not just about the raw resource. It's about the transformative power of innovation in revealing and leveraging data context. It's about refining the raw potential into something truly valuable using intelligent engines powered by understanding to build more human-centered future. With that said, let me invite Sunil Khatino, Chief Information Officer, CME Group, Ankit Goyal, Chief Data and Analytics Officer, KeyBank, Eric Khershom, Chief Data Officer, B&Y Madan, to this stage. My name is Manoj Bara. I run the customer success function for financial services and insurance for Google Cloud. Thank you. Thank you. All right. So as we were getting in preparing for this dialogue, we thought of asking some of the questions that all of the esteemed panelists here have to face talking to their board, as well as talking to senior management teams as they are trying to make sense from data and AI. This session is all about AI and data. So let's just dive right into it. Depending on who you cite, generative AI growth within financial services is positioned to grab between 35 to 38 percent of CAGR, and it will go up to $100 billion by 2030. So I would like to hear from Sunil Yu as to how do you respond and prepare for this amount of change happening in the industry? Thank you very much, Manoj. So let me first start by introducing you to CME. CME is a place where our clients come to manage risk across every investable asset class. So especially now, over the past few weeks, we've had unbelievable amounts of activity because they rely on our markets to hedge. You know, all the typical risks that you can encounter, particularly now with respect to tariffs. When it comes to this question and growth, you know, it's hard for us to predict. We are not in this business of predicting what this growth will be. I can speak to what CME is using artificial intelligence for. Before I go further, Manoj, if you will, I don't want to assume with AI that this is only generative AI. So we've been, you know, the financial services industry has been using AI for a while. That's a fair point. Right. So just to give you a sense of our business, one core aspect of our business, especially from our vantage point, is to estimate potential future exposure. Our clients are doing that as well within their risk functions. From a trader's perspective, you're looking for opportunities either to hedge or to take exposure, thinking that you will benefit from it. From our perspective, we have to make sure that every counterparty can actually bear the risk that they are taking. So they should perform to the CME, you know, over the course of that entire derivatives lifespan. That could go all the way to 30 years. So as you can imagine, we are in the business of using large amounts of data and then using a lot of techniques that have been developed, typically categorized as predictive AI, but we are not in the business of just predicting. We are not in the business of forecasting. We are in the business of actually identifying the worst case situations for a given portfolio. So that's where we use data. So what has happened with technology and why we think that this is critical for us. So if we take our core functions, core functions not just for us, but for our counter-parties, then it's about estimating this risk with as great accuracy as possible. And our goal is not to predict where the market is going, but actually to estimate the losses a given portfolio will encounter under deflating, the market can potentially take in the foreseeable future. Let's say for the next three days, five days, ten days, or even a quarter. So that's how we are using it. And the technology is incredibly helpful. With generative AI, what has changed for us is essentially using it to build, to improve productivity of our own teams. We don't look at it yet from the perspective of actually doing our core risk functions, because it has to mature. There's a lot at stake. There's a lot at stake. So as a result, the focus for us, as you've heard at the keynote as well, is developer productivity, helping our internal teams actually get information as fast as possible and act on that information. So we're going to go down that journey and learn and explore. And as we learn, we're going to take and adopt some of those techniques to actually improve capital efficiencies for our clients, because they need to figure out among, let's say, five or six portfolios, what their lowest capital cost is going to be. What's the most efficient capital allocation across those five portfolios? So that's our focus. And that's why we believe there will be growth within our industry, especially from our vantage point. So Sunil, that's quite a lot of data that CME is dealing with and obviously complex markets that you're dealing with as well. When you are speaking to your management team as well as the board, how do you, as you are forecasting or planning for your projects, how are you measuring value of these initiatives that are relevant from transformation, relevant from use of AI or generative AI for that matter? You know, I'll start and I'll invite my panelists to actually join me as well. But, you know, from our vantage point, let's leave aside the board, you know, with any new technology. Let's start with any new technology. The question is, how do you explore its potential? And how do you figure out if it is really applicable to solving problems for your client? So for us, everything that we do is grounded in actually serving our clients really well and improving efficiency for them. And that, we believe, will unlock more services we can offer our client base and grow our clients. And the value for the customer. And the value for the client. So that's the grounding principle for us. But that's not to take away from the desire to actually explore new technologies. So when you start exploring new technologies within our team, you know, it's hard to place a constraint that says, well, first figure out what problem you're dealing with. So it's a kind of an iterative cycle. So, you know, we do have a team within our division, technology division, that actually is exploring new technologies and figuring out its potential application for our business problem. And then we have a team that gives, you know, our different portfolio teams, you know, guided, you know, paths for experimenting real solutions. And that's worked out very well for us. So we have settled on two areas now. First is knowledge search, intelligent knowledge search. And the other is code assist. But we call it code assist, but it's even beyond that. You take the entire discipline of building a solution all the way from conceiving it to deploying it. And you see what you can do to extract all the inefficient time. So if you take, for example, you're using 40% of the time to actually prepare to build features for a given business, try and bring that down to 10%, if not 5%, from 40%. So that's the goal we set. And we see if we can actually achieve that by using these techniques. Amazing. Thank you. Thank you, Sunil. So, Ankit, I would come to you and ask you as to what, from KeyBank point of view, what are you working on personally and your, I say personally and professionally, and what are you excited about from data and AI and the opportunities that the recent changes are bringing to you? Yep. Now, thanks, Manoj, for having me here with this esteemed panel group up. So let me just introduce you to KeyBank. We're actually a 200-year-old bank, and coincidentally, this is the week where it's our 200th birthday. So, and Key is a... Congratulations. ...wearing the, our celebratory pin for that. So Key is based out of Cleveland. It is a multifunctional bank, and our purpose is really enabling our colleagues, clients, and communities thrive. And the way we do that is really focusing on targeted scale. What is it that they need, and how do we get them the best service for those items that they need? When it comes to data, we've invested a lot in data for the last several years. But as I think about the question here on the power of AI, the power of analytics with data, and kind of some of those equations Manoj was showing earlier, what we recognized at Key just about a year and a half ago was, we had data separate from our analytics functions. And we actually brought it all together and created a new end-to-end team, which focuses not just on data governance, data strategy, but also the analytics strategy, which includes AI, which includes whether it's traditional AI, or looking at all other options that we have available. And that's the team that I am leading. So what I'm most excited about that is really working with our business leaders on, how do we balance that defense and offense, as they say, that we need to make sure we're giving our clients and our internal clients high-quality data that they can trust, and clean data, as again, Manoj was showing earlier, but then also getting them the value, whether it is from AI use cases, whether it is trying to get to the data faster than they were able to before, to really look at what do we need to do in our consumer side of the business, commercial business, in our investment banking. So looking at all the lines of businesses that Key has, how do we empower all of those businesses to do what they need to do for their clients faster and better? Thank you. And I would ask this question as well, that as you're presenting to board, as well as talking to senior management team, I'm pretty sure there's a question around how do you measure value for all the things that you're talking about? Yeah, no, that's a great question. One of the core principles I have for my team is, we're not going to work on any effort without having a line of sight into value. And what I've come to realize with data is that it gets tricky in measuring value, where everybody wants to see an ROI, but many times data initiatives don't get you to that ROI by themselves. Data is enabling the business. You still have to do other aspects of getting additional market share or getting a new product launched. So we have really partnered with our business on, you cannot manage what you cannot measure. So the way we are showing value now is partnered with our business that what is it that the, if it's turnaround time, if it's additional market share on a product, those are the metrics. And how is data one allowing them to measure that, showing them the progress that they're making? And then in many cases, value can also be, are we reducing the time it takes analysts to get to the data? Like if it takes 60% of the time today, are we bringing that down to 25% or less? So even that productivity lift is actually value. So that's how we focused on that. Thank you very much. So Eric, I would ask the same question to you as well. BNY has such a rich history and is a cornerstone to US economy, if I think of it that way from financial systems point of view. What are the things that you're working at and how do you measure the value as well? Well, thanks for having me here, Ed. It's great to be up here with these colleagues. I think it sets it off nicely. BNY is a 240-year-old bank. It was founded by Alexander Hamilton. It's got about 20% of the world's investable assets. We're still waiting for him. I'm sorry, we're still waiting for him. And it's a super interesting place because you have things that are, you know, incredibly old. Think of documents in boxes. And then you have things incredibly new. Think about an NVIDIA SuperPod. You know, and KeyBank and the CME are certainly strategic partners for us in many things. You know, if I think about what we're excited about, you know, think about, one, using the technology to make sure that we have data that's accessible. So think about, you know, 3 million PDFs and all the information that's locked in them and using traditional machine learning techniques to go and mine them for things. We now can ingest them into LLMs and use that as a durable knowledge base and check that knowledge base against databases that have been in existence for a while. And we find, you know what, what people, our values 10 years ago when we input the data are a little different than our values today in terms of the data we wanted to pull out of those documents and also in terms of the accuracy of them. So we're finding that this is helping us make sure that we have an accurate and complete foundation and then using that foundation to drive outcomes for ourselves and our clients. And that becomes super interesting for a variety of products and services. So think about next best product for your clients. Think about mining with their permission, their information to find anomalies in the business that they're doing. How can we help, how can we run our company better? How can we use technology to help them run their company better? And so, you know, that's super exciting for us because, you know, it's driving insights, but it's driving also operational efficiency and also driving new ways to do business. So, you know, I think Sunil talked about developer experience and things. We're using generative AI not only for client insights, but also to code assist our developers as well, but also autonomous agents that go through code and say, hey, there's a null pointer exception there. We can go through, you know, our Jira boards, we can go through our Git repositories, and we can have those agents, you know, proffer up code fixes and then have humans in the loop that go and review those code fixes. And if they're low risk with high certainty, they review them and push them through into our CI CD pipeline. So there's some super interesting things in terms of, you know, kind of modernizing the legacy of our company and the industry around us, providing a better experience and making our employees more efficient, but also driving efficiency and insights for our customers and our staff as well. And, you know, when I think about that, you know, that tends to be built on a foundation of data, which is super fun because we can actually be good at just getting that foundation in place and then get paid back for that, right? And a lot of times, a lot of this, you know, data quality, time and this completeness, you know, they're all good words, but we now can monetize the impact of doing that work and then building platforms on top of that data infrastructure so we can make generative AI accessible to 50,000 employees around the world as long as they've been trained and certified. And then putting the governance on top of that gives us the right outcomes where we don't have to worry about are we using the right data for the right purpose? Do we have the right licenses? Do we have the right oversight? Do we have the right ethics, privacy, and legal? So you kind of wrap that whole thing together and it's enabled us to really lean into the possibilities. Very interesting. All right. So I'll move us to the next question, maybe ask you what are the key resistance when you're seeing, when you're talking about AI to the board? And I'm pretty sure this audience here will benefit from the experience that as you are talking to the board, how do you overcome those resistance as well? Because you always have to manage the risk as well as the ability to innovate within your organization. So Neil, would you want to go first? Yeah, so I'm going to set aside the board because I can't speak about that right now. But I can tell you about any financial institution in our place. When it comes to, you know, AI, we are being very conservative and for good reasons. I'm going to separate out, you know, generative AI from AI to begin with and then I'll go on the generative side. You know, we take privacy of our clients activity very seriously. So it's important to ring sense that. But at the same time, there are aspects of use that are really productive. Let's say, for example, we want to know, you know, using all the information available to us going back in time, how did the markets perform in 1980s? Stagflation, you know, is a potential right now, which is inflation combined with higher unemployment or recession. So if you want to model that to today's environment, how would you do that? So we use a lot of techniques to actually model that. And that gives us a sense of the type of stress scenarios that our counterparties will face. And our counterparties are doing exactly the same thing. So all probably in different variations of that. That's one way it's being used. And, you know, that's safe in some sense because you're taking the markets aggregate performance to different exogenous events. And then you're saying, how will the world behave given that type of an environment, exogenous environment with today's market information, today's participants? So the second area for us, you know, when it comes to generative is to make sure that the information that we are presenting to our internal users, you know, is critically viewed because this is a probabilistic model. It's not, and it is, you know, idempotency is a problem because you ask the same question, you're not, you're less likely to get exactly the same answer if you call it many times. But there are uncertain situations where you can look for exact answers with grounded references. And those are situations in which you can try and use them. So, you know, helping our internal team members and guiding them to be critical in how they view the results is a good way to actually explore and get comfortable with the technology as it is evolving rapidly. So that's the approach we're taking. On one hand, we are, you know, we only see the, you know, generative AI, the, you know, its ability to take larger context and things like that. That's the, on the surface we see that, but behind the scenes there's a lot of improvement in technology. There's a lot of improvement in the ability to apply these very expensive, you know, modeling techniques that have become very cheap. So those are the areas we are exploring very seriously while retaining control. So that's, that's been our approach and we'll continue to do that. As far as the management team and the board is concerned, our risk appetite is exactly the same. It's AI is no different from any other new technology. It's another tool. It's a, yes, it's another technology and it will be embedded in every little tool or technology or platform we're going to use in the, in the foreseeable future. So we're not trying to create something very unique for AI, but as long as we maintain our risk appetite, we keep our policies intact and we follow the same guiding principles, we, we believe we'll be in a better shape. Thank you. Thank you, Sunil. So, Ankit, I want to extend this question and ask you this. How have you been thinking about potential pitfalls as, you know, Sunil is talking about the opportunities and the resistance? And were you required to make changes around your governance structure, the part model, or what are the other things that are top of mind for you? Yeah, no, it's a great question, right? So I'll start with the, how do we gain support? So just generalizing board to just more the management team. One of the recent things I heard from a Gartner analyst was that the main role of a CDO, CDAO is that of a connector. And that really simple word resonated with me so much that ultimately we have a lot of smart people across all our companies who are now using data we're making with all the announcements that Google just did today. Like, we're making it so much easier to get to that value. So how does a CDO kind of fit into that is really bringing different parts of the company together, right? And like Sunil said earlier, bringing the business and wrapping it with whether it's legal or procurement or finance or risk, like bringing all of those stakeholders together is really what I see as my role. So when we think about taking these initiatives to the management team and the board, I've made sure that it's going with the business. So it's going with where is the benefit going to be realized. So it's not seen as just a data initiative. It's not being done just for the sake of making data or analytics better. But it's really, my team is providing the foundational capability. But ultimately, it's delivering a new business product, a new business value. So going together with the business, I've found, gets you much more of that support right away because we're, you know, holding hands there. I think in terms of the potential pitfalls, I think there are quite a few, right? So one of the main things is when I think about unstructured data. Like Gen.AI, it's mainly all been around unstructured, all the files. And, you know, Eric mentioned the number of files. And we have billions of those files as well over the last 200 years. Typically, the governance and unstructured data has not been an area of focus in the industry. I know many companies are focusing on that because when you start feeding all of that to an LLM, you want to make sure, again, was there sensitive information in those files? How do we make sure they're protected appropriately before they get utilized in, again, unintentionally in the wrong way? In the banking industry, again, as, you know, trust is very hard and takes very long to earn and very, very easy to lose. So one of those areas has been for us is expanding our governance on unstructured. So can have we categorized all of them? Have we scanned all of them to make sure which ones are sensitive and are they appropriately classified and protected? The other aspects in governance we've also looked at is traditional AI, if you think about it, the cycle time was slower. By the time you come up with an idea, you train a model, you back test the model, you actually get it through governance. It's like a few months. So there was time to for the risk and governance machinery to catch up. Now, with everybody having Gen AI access, it goes overnight. And so we have it key again, same thing. We have one made sure the access to all the external common chat facilities are blocked. We have a Gen AI Council that we have set up, which includes a cross-functional group of folks across business, technology, data, legal risk. And right now we're centrally managing any new use case that's coming up through that. But I can see again that we'll have to evolve over time as the speed of change just comes up that centralized governance won't scale at some point. But how do we keep the monitoring, the validation, some of the tooling centralized while we can give that empowerment and the federation out to the line of businesses? So I think some of that will evolve as time goes on. Thank you. Thank you. All right. So I'll quickly move to maybe data in the world and talk about the governance structure. And Eric, you talked about the history of 240 years for BNY. I'm pretty sure as you look back to the past time, there's obviously a strong governance structure at BNY to be able to keep the trust that the customers have with you. How are you thinking about that with the new world of data and AI? So, you know, I think that's one of the things we thought about pretty hard, pretty early in terms of setting up a structure where we'll meet every day if ideas are coming up every day for new AI use cases. Because we think truth and trust is the foundation of the company that we run. We also find, I mean, you know, Snow talked about boards. We find that our customers are coming to us every day and saying, hey, what are you doing? How are you driving value using this technology? You know, people are spending a lot of money on it and they're wanting to know how are you going to enhance your revenue, reduce your costs, reduce your risk? And so we find that we're engaging a lot with our customers around that. And that's informing the governance overlay that we put around the entire topic. So literally every idea goes through our data engineering review board. And that before you get any access to any AI foundations, you've got to go through that review board and that's privacy, ethics, compliance, legal and data. And we'll disposition those ideas because we just think it's so important to make sure that at the very foundation of starting to, you know, put one hand on a keyboard, we've got that overlay in place to make sure that we're using the data in accordance with our policies, but also our contracts and that trust and truth equation. And what we really find is when we explain that to our customers, they're fired up. And they say, hey, could you just tell us how you're doing that, what you're doing, who's in those meetings, how are you running them? We want to do the same thing because I think everybody's got the same challenge. There's so much incredible promise from the technology. How do you make it real? How do you drive outcomes? And those outcomes can't just be we all got a little more efficient because just nobody is going to pay for that, right? It's not going to be, oh, we all got 10, you know, we got 10 minutes more in our day. It's like, no, no, no. How did I not have to hire somebody to do this manual process? How did I make a developer a 2X developer on his way to a 10X or her way to a 10X developer? So I think we're fired up about it. We think it starts with a foundation of governance, which is, you know, before this has been like a little bit of a dirty word. It's kind of like bureaucracy. But actually it's that governance overlay that's really fired us up to kind of move in control, but move it as fast as we possibly can to drive outcomes that we can talk about. It's amazing. So to add to that, I think we take a slightly different approach. I would call it a hybrid. So the, you know, you have a core team, as Ankit pointed out, it's cross functional in nature. You have information security, legal compliance, and then some business leaders as sponsors. And you set a set of guidelines and policy. And the reason we moved to a slightly different structure, which is in terms of a decentralized structure in terms of its enforcement and its application is because it's very hard for the central team to look at every use case and appreciate what problem is being solved. Right. So that's the reason we take that approach. We take the same approach from a technology perspective in terms of a platform. So initially you try a few experiments, then this core team builds an infrastructure. And there is a little bit of throwaway work because that's the experiment or that's the stage where you're learning, you're exploring. And then the team builds a platform. And the goal of the platform is, is generic enough that most of the hard work, the wiring and all of that is done by a centralized team. But in terms of its application to every business use case, we allow many teams to actually simultaneously play with it and then come back because you need that interaction between the decentralized teams and the central team to keep refining the framework. So that's what has worked for us rather than having a central team that looks at everything. So actually, let me just kind of clarify a little bit. We have central platform because I agree with you. I think that that gives you economies of scale. We have central governance because we want to build people that are, have seen everything because what we find is that half of the stuff that rocks up, somebody somewhere else in the company has thought of and is acting on. So we put a central governance gate at the front and then we decentralize the work into our lines of business. So I think it actually is, is very similar. We want 50,000 people engaged. Yeah. Right. That's really what we are going for is to make sure everybody's trained. Everybody's leaning in with an idea and the tools are accessible to those people who have taken the certification. So very similar. You know, I think these are all great points, right? Because as I think about even the traditional kind of just the data governance that now expanding to include AI and Gen AI, it really comes down to there's no one size fits all. It's kind of comes down to what your scale of the business is, how much different, like if it's a monoline business or are there different aspects happening? So at key, when we have multiple lines of businesses, what we've been focused on is a little bit of that hub and spoke model as Sunil was also mentioning where we'll have our centralized governance. But what we are setting up is that those federated pods within the line of businesses so they can decide what's important to them. There'll be some set of the centralized standards, centralized tooling and platforms. But then what's important for a consumer line of business might be very different from commercial. So give them that authority to say, hey, what is important to me? I'm going to justify my decision that way and then have that connection back to the centralized hub as well. Right. So that's I believe, again, where governance continues to be extremely effective because you allow that flexibility to move fast as well. Otherwise, centralized team always becomes a bottleneck before you know it. Right. Thank you. Thank you, Eric. And thank you. All right. Change the topic a little bit. And want to talk about your customers. So how do you leverage the data in your business to generate, you know, to keep the trust from the customer? Right. I mean, that's the key to each of the institutions that we are talking about. Each one of the institutions have legacy of extraordinary trust from the customer. Obviously, you know, nothing can exist without that trust. So as you are generating, there's a very small difference. And I'll use this word creepy, right, is that there's a very small gap between being very smart or, you know, being a uncomfortable zone. So how do you extract value from data as you think about your world? And Eric, do you mind finding on it? Sure. I think first we start with the foundations of the contracts we've signed, right? What's the paper? What's the legalities of what data we've purchased, what data we share with our clients, and what our intent was when we were given access to that information? And that goes for our vendors or our clients. But, you know, once we make sure we're doing what we're supposed to be doing or we're doing what we're contractually obligated to do, we then think about the trust equation. Because sometimes, you know, the paperwork doesn't actually follow that trust equation, right? Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should do it. So we spend a lot of time talking to our clients. It's their data. They have entrusted us with their data to service their business. And so we spend a lot of time thinking about how we can help drive better outcomes for them, right? And that, you know, is kind of incredibly liberating because it's through that lens that we are able to drive better outcomes for ourselves. So take an example, right? If we're looking at risk in a portfolio, right? We will work with our clients to develop those types of analyses or we generate net asset values, NAVs, for a vast array of mutual funds, ETFs, and so on. Those are really complicated calculations. We build anomaly detection for ourselves and our clients. We talk to our clients about how we do that. And then they ask if they can use those models for other business that they're doing themselves. So, you know, it's really, you know, that trust equation is so foundational. And then, you know, the other conversation is about truth. Because not all of our models are producing facts. Some of them are producing opinions. Very interesting. Right? You just want to, like, we're fixated with making sure we have that conversation. Because I don't want to be giving you an advice that's an opinion that you think is a fact. And so, you know, that's really the overlay. And I think it's brought us, it's made our business less transactional. Whether it's their boards asking how they're going to use AI to drive their company forward. Or whether it's this truth or trust equation. We are now, you know, CDOs and analytics leaders are now involved in the contracting process. Because we're finding, as people are contracting for new business, they're really interested to know, are you going to put my data in an LLM? Whose LLM is it? Where's the data residing? What happens if we no longer do business together? So, you mix that all in. And I think, you know, we end up with smarter people. We end up with smarter customers. We end up with smarter employees because of the questions that are being asked. And it's also a more inclusive environment because the questions are starting to veer into areas that weren't contemplated just a few years ago. Great. Just to build on that, I think in our case, speaking just for CME, you know, we take our customers' information, you know, their privacy very seriously. So, that's ring-fenced. We don't use it. But outside of that, there's, you know, immense amount of rich data because we store instantaneous snapshots of market information. Anonymized, so it's not customer information. Correct. It's trends. Which we publish today. So, we publish to every market participant today. But it is a large amount of data. Just to give you an example, on Friday, just on Friday, there's 30 billion events, right? In a day, matching events. There's over 5.5 billion worth of market data events. There's 2.8 billion of order entry events in a single day. So, we have that information. But imagine storing that snapshot for 20 years and that's a rich source of information. In addition to that, we have curves. So, curves is basically, you know, representations of term structure, markets, over time, on each given day. And then, how do you use that information to actually figure out, you know, the problems that I spoke about, which is estimation. So, giving transparency, as Eric pointed out, to our clients on what we are using and what we are not. And, you know, staying true to your principles in terms of privacy to your clients is one way to earn their trust while providing them value. That's amazing. We are towards the end of the session here. First of all, I want to maybe ask this last question. We are talking about transformation through data. How do you get there? In few words, it would be great to hear from you. Eric, do you want to start with that, please? Eric, do you want to start with that? So, transformation through data. So, you know, in few words, that's tough. I think when we look at data as the foundation of everything we do, we start to look at every manual process. We start to look at things like quality, timeliness, completeness. And we think about how we can use the technology to not have to talk about those things ever again. How do you get quality at the top? How do you check it throughout the supply chain? How do you take everybody who is re-keying something from one screen to another? Right? The generative AI tools and techniques are starting to create technology glue where we had to renovate massive amounts of system componentry. We think that there's so much enabling technology that transformation really looks like driving straight through processing of supply chain and automated quality controls. And that's just becoming the foundation of everything we want to do next. So, that's really, you know, from a data place, from a data foundation's perspective, that's how we're thinking. It's exciting. Thank you, Eric. How about you, Ankit, in a few words? Yeah. So, I would say, I think when you think about transformation through data, it really comes down to having a strong operating model, right? Ultimately, as more and more usage happens, as we've all shared numbers, like as we get generative AI in the hands of everybody who's at the company, how do you know if something went wrong, whose accountability is it? How do you prevent that? That's going to happen one day. So, having a very strong operating model of who owns the data, who is the steward of it, and then what is the responsibility of the consumer. Having that chain of custody, having that clarity, I believe is, again, an important foundation to build upon as we scale this. Because with Gen AI at this point, it is, as some people have said, right, it is like electricity and internet. So, it is a must-have that it's a, the revolution will happen, and if you don't adopt it, then you could become the next blockbuster, which I'm sure nobody wants to be, so. That's amazing. We are towards the last one minute here. True or false? Sunil, do you want to answer that question quickly, and we'll wrap right there. I think it's untenable to ignore AI, whether you're talking, you know, the models that are three years old, five years old, so each institution will use different things based on their need, but it's untenable to actually ignore it. So, it's going to be an integral part of every institution. Ankit? Yes, must-have. I think, as I was saying earlier, I think it's unavoidable. There's a lot of value that can be achieved from this, so it is in the best interest of all of us and for our clients that we actually continue to embrace this, but do it in a very responsible way that we don't put any of our clients' data or our data at risk. How about you? So, I agree with my colleagues. I think the word we use is infuse in everything we do, but in a responsible way. Thank you, thank you. So, thank you, first of all, to esteemed panelists here, and it's great to partner with you. Each one of you in your capacity, helping Google Cloud, helping you all with transformation. Second, I started the session with a small little equation, so thank you for that humor equation. I know that it's mathematically not accurate, but at least we tried. The whole point is around being able to unlock the value of data that you have right in front of you, and with the innovation that you saw today in the keynote, I'm pretty sure leveraging those technologies, the world will be different for us tomorrow. And when we meet here next year, I think we'll be talking about a lot more deeper subjects here. So, thank you all for attending. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.