 So today we're here to talk about Google Workspace and Gemini AI and how it drives business value by increasing ROI, enhancing creativity, productivity, employee satisfaction. And I'm going to cover about 10 minutes of content and then we've got some amazing customers coming on stage to talk you through their sort of journey on how they've assessed where they're going to use Gemini, how they've rolled it out, and then the business impact they're seeing off the back of it as well. So I'm Matt Maggs. I'm the director of Google Workspace in Amir North. I've been at Google for three and a half years and prior to that I never touched Google Workspace. I was a Microsoft user or I was an IBM closed notes and I felt like I was quite a stubborn user that would never change the way I worked. And I sort of look at myself now three and a half years old and I'm embracing new technology. I'm changing the way I work every day. I'm a completely different user and I am more productive. I do collaborate better as well. So I really would sort of encourage anyone who's looking at Google Workspace that it really can change the way you work and make you more productive. So when we look at the future of work, AI has had a massive impact. Google Workspace has always sort of very much focused on productivity, collaboration, and part of that future of work is around how we drive people to do more with less. However, AI has really reshaped the way we operate and how we're going to react and actually work in the workspace moving forward. If I go back to 2023, generative AI exploded. I think everyone, it sort of inspired everyone. Everyone was hearing about it. If you think about every consumer, no matter what age, what job they had, they all got exposure to AI. I've been married for 25 years and I've been in IT sales that whole time. And I constantly used to come home and tell my wife about new technology that was coming out and trying to get her excited from it. And she used to always say to me, I have no interest in your work, Matt. And then last year, she'd come into my office and she said, Matt, I've been playing around with Gemini. Did you know it can do this and this? I said, Claire, I did know that because I've been telling you that for two years. So it even inspired my wife on a piece of technology. So it really has changed the way the world thinks about technology. And every executive I speak to at the moment, they've really got Gen AA on their agenda and there's a real sort of mandate to leverage that technology to improve the way they run their business. I think as we go into 2025, however, we're moving away from the AI vision and actually then trying to look at the AI results and turning everything that people have done the last two years around sort of testing, looking, understanding where to use it into actually delivering business value. And I think a big focus area of that is around boosting productivity within the employee base. This is a McKinsey slide, which sort of shows the ramp up of use of generative AI. And it's moving really, really fast. As you can see, there's a massive spike there in the last two years on there. And actually, we think it's going to continue to move its space. When we speak to our customers who are already using Gemini within Workspace, the results are huge. They're massive. The impact on productivity, the gains they're making. So you can't, you know, it's very undeniable the savings and the benefits it's going to have in the business. So we see that trajectory carrying on in the future as well. We did a survey actually around where the impact of AI could be across the future of work. And you'll see here, there's lots of different things around insights, better accuracy, faster time to market. But actually, the biggest thing is around how do you just get staff to be more productive? And that's a massive focus, like I said, where Workspace is always focused. And we see, like, it's just going to supercharge that productivity. And some of the cases we did here was around organizations that have implemented AI. And even if they've only implemented it for a short period of time, the impact is huge. And actually, it says there 45% say they've doubled the productivity on some of the user cases they're using. It's a great stat. We always sort of say that, you know, it's double the productivity. And I think that is on certain user cases. So you have to sort of take that number. And I think the key takeaway of that is if you choose the right user case, understand the situation for using AI, the results can be huge. So last year, when I looked at the customers we engaged with, we had an add-on SKU, which was Gemini for Workspace. It was expensive. The technology is expensive. And what it meant was that people, it was sort of cost prohibited to give it to everyone. So everyone was deciding who to give it to. Is it this user group? Are they the people that know the technology best? Are they the right people to test it? We do small tasks, which gives us small gains. And it was really sort of restricted. As we move into 2025, we're really looking at reshaping the way we work. So look at how we collaborate. Look at how we're accessing information. And actually really sort of focus the AI agents in support of more sophisticated user groups and tasks. And the final thing there, widespread access. That's the biggest thing we think is actually to see the real gains, you need to be giving it to every person. And this is actually why. These are the typical user cases when we do a deployment for a pilot last year. So people were looking at that 12% and the 2%. And a lot of the time they were giving those to test it. So the IT teams, they were giving it to the developers. But actually when we found from all of our user cases, this 88% is actually where we got the biggest results. And some of them were quite unexpected. There was departments that really benefited from it and others that didn't. So actually ignoring that sort of 88 or restricting access to AI for those ones is a big mistake. What we did find though is there was three or four really strong user cases. Sales, marketing, and customer service are three of the most powerful that see the biggest gains on there. So when you think of like new sales and I've got a new sales team and we use it massively around researching our customers, taking notes on meetings, creating content, really powerful user cases that make my team more efficient in the way they do business. When you think about marketing, it's around sort of project plans, rich content, speeding up that go-to-market motion. And then customer service, I think this is one of the most powerful ones where we look at actually how do we reduce the response time and also how do we use like the translation around scaling out the support so you can cover multiple languages and really use the power of Gemini to do that as well. So at the start of the year, we announced an amazing thing, which we thought was amazing, where we've actually given Gemini included now into the workspace SKU. So you no longer have to buy an add-on. It's included when you buy Google Workspace. So for every business enterprise SKU and coming out in the next few weeks will be a frontline worker as well. You get this with everyone there. So you get the integrated AI, so that's obviously within your Gmail, within your Sheet, within your Docs. You get the AI system within that. You then also get the Gemini Advanced application, which allows you obviously to do research and get analytics. And then we've got Google Vids and Notebook LM, and I'm going to cover those in a bit moment. So all of that within Google Workspace for one purchase SKU. And we're going to call it the one productivity hub. We're very much focusing on context switching, and that's been our sort of history in Google Workspace around stopping people having to go from one application to another. And I saw a Forrester report the other day that said that on average, you lose 20% of your work in week by context switching or trying to find information. So actually, that's still a number one focus. So you'll see within the platform, Gemini is everywhere with that. So you've got your email, you've got the side panel with Gemini there. You go into a Sheet, you've got the side panel. So it's really integrated. You don't have to move away from it. And we're finding our users are actually embracing and getting a higher adoption of Gemini because it is there, and they're using it. They're not having to come out of their work and go into a new platform to do that search or to do that research. It's all within the platform because it then becomes your daily task, and that's how you work. So this is Gemini within the actual Google workspace, and we call it like an AI assistant. It's pre-built agents in every single piece of it. So like I said, it's directly in Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Google Meet, Conferencing, and it's really designed to help you write, summarize, analyze, create, and connect. And all of it is in a data-protected environment. So we see a lot of customers who are coming out of an application and then going into a consumer platform to get information and maybe sharing their work information in there. With Google workspace, everything is protected and all within there. Your data remains your data. So this is the Gemini app. Gemini app is really around sort of kick-starting research, brainstorming. So again, we use this a lot where we're talking around from a sales perspective. When we look at a new customer, we do a lot of research in there, and it actually gives us some really rich content and gives us new ideas. And it's all grounded, obviously, on Google search within that platform as well. And like I said, the data is your data. Nothing leaves it. So it will learn from the web, but it will not actually really release any of your information to that. You've then got Gems. So Gems is actually let's users build personalized agents for more repeatable and specialized tasks. For example, you could take a marketeer who needs to create a custom gem to help with, like, copywriting. Or you can have a customer service agent who creates a gem around troubleshooting an issue or to get some additional context in a situation. And then Notebook Alem. Notebook Alem is my favorite one. This is like an AI research assistant where you can get insights really, really quick from the information you put into it. So you can upload lots of documents, lots of videos, lots of content, and then you can ask it questions and get instant insights off the back of it. You can even have a feature where you can play an audio overview of the content that's in there. And I think one of the most powerful ones is you can actually have a shared notebook. And an example is actually organizing this next event. There's a huge amount of content that loads of people have got. There's spreadsheets where you put locations on. There's information about everything else on there. We created a group one where everything was loaded into it. And actually you can just ask it a question. Matt, where's my, what session am I hosting? What time is it? It instantly brings it up and analyzes everything in there. And you can also have analytics. So you can see who's using it within your group as well. So it's a really sort of powerful platform. And it's really popular. We're seeing a lot of customers are looking at moving to Workspace because of the notebook LM feature that's coming with it. And then we've got Google Vids. And actually Google Vids is using AI to maybe create something that people were never able to do before. So it allows you to create like dynamic videos of content. And a really good example of this is I was presenting at a town hall the other day where they asked me to create an overview of my business for the quarter before. And normally I would do a 10 minute overview and do a couple of slides. And I then found out actually I couldn't attend the core. So I thought I decided to make a Google vid out of it. And actually it took me probably like 45 minutes to do. And it allowed me to do a real storyboard, rich imagery, AI voiceover, and play a really quality video across that. And actually the feedback was really good. And a lot of people were asking who created it because they know how skilled I am at IT. So actually they thought someone else had done it. But first time doing it, 45 minutes, it was really easy to do. So I said about Google Workspace looks at collaboration, looks at productivity. And I think we've seen as people are deploying Gemini, it's supercharged that productivity. And we feel like on average we're seeing around a 30% improvement in collaboration. And what do we mean by that? I think a lot of organizations look at Google and say you've got a great culture. And I sort of always think to myself, what does a great culture mean? And we do spend a lot of time looking at that. And there's lots of pillars around innovation, freedom, environment, lots of different pillars that make up a good culture. But what I always say is Google Workspace has been the center of our culture for the last 15 years. And it does allow you to work differently. And like I said at the start of the call, when I joined Google, I didn't feel like I collaborated. I worked in a really old legacy way. Whereas now I don't. And I think it does transform that collaboration culture. It allows you to share ideas, work differently, and ultimately transform your business. And a lot of customers I speak to, and especially some of the large legacy customers, they want to attract new generation of talent. They do want a different culture. So it can really be the catalyst for change and driving that new culture into your organization. And we also look at benefits. And this is actually one of my cases we did. So we did a pilot for a large pharmaceutical in Switzerland. And they did around a six-month pilot for 3,000 users. And on average, they saved 105 minutes per week per user by using Gemini. And there were some really simple tasks that actually really made them more productive. So if you imagine scaling that to every user, the actual productivity gains are huge. And that's the sort of power of having AI for everyone within Workspace. And that's how it can really take you from a cost-prohibited solution to actually being able to give it to everyone. And having that collaboration equity that everyone feels like they're getting that technology is really valuable. So I wanted to welcome our special guests today. We've got Asby. We've got David. We've got Jeff, if you're welcome to the stage. We've got some questions to cover. And we're going to talk through. Oh, wait. Let's do the clap first. We'll do the clap first. So I thought we'd start with a quick introduction from each of you. And maybe give a quick overview of the business. And maybe talk us through why you've decided on moving forward with the Gemini. And what sort of challenges you think it's going to help you address as we go through that. So if you start me. Yeah. So hi, everyone. I'm David. I'm an AI leader at Revolut. I manage AI use case discovery across the company. And so we start exploring Gemini somewhere in June. So we've been playing with it for a while now. The main reason for investing in AI was we have a lot of great people in Revolut. We spend a lot of time hiring them. And with AI, we enable those people to achieve more. That was the main reason. Yeah. Perfect. David? Hi, Jeff Kendrick. DocuSign. Primarily, we started our product when we transitioned from e-signature to intelligent agreement management. We infused AI to make agreements come to life. So then, therefore, we took all that learning. And for our internal users, it was more about changing the workflows. And our brand is about trust. So we really wanted to make sure we had a lot of guardrails that we established early on. We went slower. And I think by building all those forming cross-functional committees, that allowed us to go accelerate. And now we're anything general AI-related, pervasive to the organization, we're able to go very fast now. Hi, everyone. I'm Aspi Havivala. I work for Verizon. So hopefully most of you have heard of Verizon. But we have teams that build networks, teams that then enable wireless service on top of that network. We call it Verizon Consumer. And then we've got a B2B team that's called VBG Verizon Business, which enables those same solutions, but for small businesses. So that's kind of the core of our functionality. Our Verizon Consumer Group CEO identified AI very, Gen AI, especially very early as a big enabler of technology for us, something you thought could really get us to the next level. Threw down a challenge, said we want to become an AI-first company. And our journey with AI was we knew it was super useful, but we were kind of looking at it going, well, how exactly is it useful? Because back then it wasn't cheap. And so we were like, how much do we invest? What's the ROI? What are we going to get out of it? So we spent a lot of time thinking about that. And we decided to do very early initial pilots because we could see some use cases when we started using it ourselves. And so we were thinking through these use cases and thinking, well, who should we give it to? Who should we not give it to? Should we give it to the people who are good with technology? Should we give it to the innovator? Should we give it to executives, et cetera? And I remember talking a lot to people at Google, actually. And there are some really smart minds there who had some conversations. And out of that this idea was born that what if we didn't give it to people who are good at technology or who are good at innovating? What happens then? That would be kind of interesting. And so we said, okay, well, let's try that. But we didn't have enough money to give it to. And we didn't know who to give it to. And I didn't want IT to broker the conversation either. I don't think we have the right to decide what are good use cases and what are not great use cases. I think people should decide that. So we enabled it for all the leaders, directors and above. And we said, you're going to have to pay for additional licenses, but we want you to lean in as leaders and decide for yourselves. Use it, adopt it, show your leadership, decide if it's good for your team, and then buy it. Put your money where your mouth is, so to say. But if you decide it's not good, then make that decision as a leader and just move away from it. And that somehow, against all odds, worked really, really well. I think our leaders really kind of took on the challenge. And some people said no. Some people are all in. And we got a really nice kind of cross-section of people adopting it. Thank you. Jeff, is there any particular user cases that have sort of stood out for you personally that you see it's made sort of the biggest or that you feel like it could make the biggest impact to? Yeah, a couple. On the sentiment analysis, like on a lot of the gyms, customer support, pulling very large amounts of data, analyzing them quickly, putting them in a notebook, sharing those, like the team aspect. Additionally, deep research has been very popular. We have lots of agreements. There's lots of vendors. And really turning on that to do competitive analysis. So those are two large use cases. And then we're, I think, functionally going around, like you said, having the business drive the use cases and not forcing them to, like, traditionally, here's your use case. Here's your use case. Now it's like they're just coming to us left and right. I have this new use case. And functional enablement has been key there. And, David, you've sort of done quite a big scale out on pilots and testing. Is there any sort of user cases that touch nearly every employee? Or was there any user cases you felt was going across the whole organization that were valuable? Yeah, so we have 10,000 people that have access to Gemini today. And the number one tool that everyone uses across the board is Notebook LM. So that was mainly, I think it's because of the UI. So the UI is very intuitive. And so people figure it out fairly easily. And, yeah, people use it to create their knowledge base, personal knowledge base tied to their role. So that's the number one use case we've seen. Okay, perfect. And maybe a question on adoption. So I think it's not sort of a tool you can just give to everyone and they pick it up themselves. So how have you, Aspia, how have you managed sort of that training and sort of leading the message that we've got Gemini and how you sort of landed that adoption? Yeah, you know, it's a really good question because you turn the switch on. And that's like the beginning of a very important journey you're making with all your users because you leave it and you just let it go and nothing happens. Because to use Gen.ai initially, you have to become less productive because you have to engage with something that's not part of your workflow. And then over time, you start incorporating it into your workflow. It's like real-time collaboration. When it first came out, people were like, I'm fine doing this slide all by myself. I really don't need other people to jump in. It's actually making me less productive. And then over time, you realize how much more productive it makes you. So we had to help people understand that moment and show people how to engage with it. So one of the weird things about Gen.ai is when people interact with technology, they expect precision and they expect precise answers. And with Gen.ai, you don't get deterministic answers. The other thing with Gen.ai is you have to kind of treat it like you're a friend. If you don't like the first answer, the first answer isn't where you need it to be. You have to ask it a question a little bit differently or again. And people aren't used to doing that with systems. They expect the answer to come back precisely the first time. So helping them understand that was really, really key. And then you really have to launch training programs. But the issue with most IT teams is we are not scaled to train people. Like we've got 200,000 users. We're not going to be able to train them at scale with a team of 5, 10, even 50 people. And you can't partner enough across the organization because your organizations are training other things that are important. And so we started creating communities of practice. So we created a community where we said, okay, you guys are going to eventually train each other. Right? And so let's create that community. Let's support it. Let's seed it. Let's answer questions. Let's get everybody engaged. And that community now shares a lot of information, a lot of best practices. They give ideas to each other. I see them writing, using Gemini to write code for each other as well. So they'll actually tell people, you can do this. And I'm going to use Gemini to write the code. And then they'll release the code out there in the channel. And that prompts a lot of different ideas. So a lot of people who are shy about working with Gemini start kind of leaning in. They start seeing people like them using it as well. And it's not just IT, the technology people telling them what to do. And so that really helps. The community development along with the training pieces really helps. And that journey is constant. You can't really let go of people's hands through that journey. You have to be, like, along with them every step of the way. That really drives up adoption, though. And Jeff, how have you – I think some customers worry that they have a big surge in the interest in the early days. And then actually the usage sort of drops off as it goes on. How are you going to try and approach that to keep sort of the interest in people using it and making sure that they're using that technology, that ongoing? Yeah, I think using it is one thing. But then showing them really how to use it is another. And the more you sit there and show them how to use it in a lot of functional enablement sessions, like I think we're going to – we rolled it out globally to 6,500 folks. And then we did global enablement sessions for each core product of Gemini, one for, like, the app and for each one. And then we're going to go functional, and we have 28 trainings planned. And I know to your point, it's hard to scale at that. But we're also looking at how can you actually have Gemini enable, like, by creating gems once they're shareable. Yeah, yeah. So building some automated enablement as well. So you can see each enablement session we do, it spikes 200 daily actives. Yeah, definitely. So just continue that train, and hopefully the trend goes up. Excellent. Dave, you were talking earlier on about when you sort of rolled out testing Gemini and doing the pilots. Can you just sort of maybe talk through how you guys approached that and how you sort of scaled the adoption and how you scaled it up? Yeah, absolutely. So at first we were a bit skeptical about running AI company-wide. And so we started with a very small group of people. We found 20 people that were very interested in AI. And so how we found them is first is the people that inquired about AI, right? So people that keep asking in Slack channel, public channel, when are we getting Gemini, et cetera. So you highlight those people, you take them. And then we also looked at the people that were using other AI tools. And so we formed this group of 20 strong believers. We gave them early access, and we asked them to try the product. And so from those 20, we expanded to 200. And so the key that we found with AI is that the best use case isn't taught in the workshop. It's caught from a co-worker. And so when you see someone on your team that's using AI for something that you do yourself, that's how you adopt the best use case. And so those 200 people that were strongly involved in the pilot, they were able to talk to the Google team so they knew about the new features, the best use case. Then they went on to train others when we eventually expanded to 10K people. Perfect. And Asvi, maybe a question for you around the leadership of the organization. How do they make a positive impact on rolling something out like this? How can the leaders in the organization make a big difference? I think we have fortunate. We're very fortunate. Our leadership is, of course, all about our customers. But they recognize employees are customers, too. And they're very focused on the employees as well. So for them, happy employees equals happy customers. They're very bullish on that notion. So that support really helps. But I think from people using it, you have to have a light bulb moment. And if you have a couple of minutes, I'll tell you what my light bulb moment was with Gemini. I was having the worst possible day. It was like everything was just piling on. I didn't have time to do stuff. It was still just noon. I hadn't eaten lunch. I was getting very angry. And these two emails come in. And back then, I was looking at Gemini. And I'm like, yeah, it's great. I'm using it. I'm pretty cool with it. I wasn't, like, thinking of using it every time before that time. And there's one email that comes in which says it's got 16 emails in it. And it's got one line from this guy who forwards it to me and says, hey, I'll speak. Can you help? And I'm like, really? Like, no context at all. And there's all these emails I have to read. And there's another email that comes in saying, hey, Aspie, I need this by end of day today. And so I started with that second email first. I'm like, I'm just so pissed at this point. I say, you know what? Give me a break. Go away. Or something. I wrote something like that. And then I'm like, you know, this is not a great email to send to a colleague, even though I feel this way. And so I just used Gemini to write it. And man, it did an amazing job. It's like, hey, I understand the urgency of the situation. But I'm really strapped for time. May I have a little bit of an extension? I'm like, I sound so awesome in this email. And I'm not that person. So I was telling this earlier to someone as well. It really made me a better person and a better colleague. And that was a light bulb moment. And then the second one, I asked it to summarize the email. Because I'm like, hey, this looks really useful. So I'm like, I'm going to start with Gemini first. Every email. I asked it to summarize the email. It did a pretty good job. And then I'm like, what if I took it a little bit further? And I said, well, what can I do to help? And sure enough, it had like, you could try these three things. And I'm like, this is awesome. And my like really terrible day stayed terrible. It didn't get worse. Because other things were happening. But it didn't get any worse. And that was like a light bulb moment for me. And every employee goes through that. Right? Where they realize, wow, I can do this. And it can do this for me. And that's the personal journey everybody has to make. And you get it by trying. By really, really leaning in on Gemini. Otherwise, it just won't snap for you. But that's how I would say it's a leadership push. And then every person making that personal journey as well. Yeah. We found as well when my team have obviously, they're advocates of pushing it in workspace. And when we're just dealing with our other Google colleagues, it's just showing that we're using it. So as soon as you could join a Google Meet, you do take notes from me. You do transcription. And you just show that you're using it in everything you do. And it just rubs off and inspires other people to start using it as well. So you're exactly right. You need to sort of force yourself to use it. And then it becomes the norm. And it's just the normal way of working then. So yeah. Excellent. Jeff, you're a little bit earlier in the process. Sorry. You're a little early in getting the results from the return on investment at this stage. How are you going to sort of plan to measure the success and maybe the impact of Gemini once it does start rolling out and it's a bit more mature in the way? Yeah. So first we start with, it was just 28 days. The admin panel is limited. Once you have 28 days, you get the full set of data. So we've seen about 60% adoption over the 28 days. And then, like I said, around 2,000 daily actives. We broke that down for content generation and summarization, which is, hey, let's take a stab at productivity is very hard. I don't think anybody's cracked that. So two minutes saved for summarization, 10 minutes saved for content, map it out per department, and say this is how much we're saving on a monthly basis. I think going forward, working with each department to find their critical use cases, like the one you showed, and measure, like, for customers' support, you have three use cases. How much time is it saving you? Because that's very quantifiable. I think we're going to go to the use case measurement approach. And then you combine both of them. You just don't get raw data, but you also get real, like, use case metrics. That's a really good way to do it, by the way, bucketize it and assign cost savings. David, you said that you've had some results. You did some surveys. Can you just sort of maybe cover that with the audience just to cover the savings and the return investment you're seeing in the productivity gains? Yeah, so we sent out a survey to 9,000 people. We have 40% response rates so far. It's still ticking. So what we have from data that is interesting is 70% of the user use Gemini at least once a day, which we didn't expect. It's quite a lot. The three reasons they use it every other day is one is for productivity, so it saves them on time. The second is for research, so they've replaced Google search mostly for exploring new topics. And then the third, which we didn't expect, was creativity. So they're unable to explore new domains or new solutions to tackle the problem. So that's what we found out. And so the time that they saved, on average, across the entire population is 20 minutes per day, which is much higher than what we expected. Yeah. And I guess you'll do an ongoing monitoring of that to see if that continues or... Right. And so the best ROI tool is really our people using it because people are busy. They're not going to use a tool that they don't use. And so as long as an option is there, it means the tool has ROI. Excellent. Aspi, from a return on investment, what sort of impact have you seen from Verizon? We did something very similar to what Jeff was saying. We actually would bucketize the different types of queries and we asked our users, how much time do you think you save when you use this? And we gave them an initial estimate and they all came back and said, you're way too low because we save a whole lot more time. And so we use that to calculate how much cost savings we have. And then we also do surveys. Our survey results are great. We got like an 83% of people saying, look, it saves us a lot of time. I think 31% of those said it saves them an hour a day. Another 44% said they'd saved them about a half an hour a day. So the numbers were really, really great. The ROI conversation becomes interesting though because what you're enabling is you're enabling employees to become more productive by reducing the cognitive workload. Think about having to read a document versus doing a summary or asking it questions. And when you start calculating time savings, the trap you fall into is somebody will look at it and say, and where is this time going? Where's my dollars from this time? And so it's a little tricky. You want to show the ROI. You want to show people becoming more productive. But what it really enables, I think, is it enables these basic blocks that let you function at a much higher level. Again, I go back to real-time collaboration. Before real-time collaboration, people were a lot less productive. We may not remember it, but when we got real-time collab, our productivity just went up. And that calculation, there's no cost savings tied to it, but the fact that you're enabling a workforce to do more, faster, better, more intelligently, you're developing more capability to tackle projects that are important to the business. That's where your real ROI is. But convincing leadership takes a little bit of explanation, right, as opposed to just hard dollar savings. And Jeff, we obviously announced at the start of the year AI for everyone and included it within Workspace. Did that change sort of your approach to how you were doing it? Because obviously last year you were going to have to buy it as an add-on. It was quite expensive. Did it change how you were looking at it and how you were going to scale out the actual rollout? So you're saying when it was added? Yeah, because obviously before you were going to have to pay for it. So did it change your mindset on which users were going to have it and how you were actually going to be able to scale it? It didn't. We did it right before that happened. But in general, it was... Our plan all along was to enable it pervasively all across our organization because we didn't want to create pockets where... Yeah, our plan was to do... Yeah. Was that the same for you guys at Revolut? No, for us, we were considering giving Gemini to a select group of people that would see the most value out of it and then some other tool for a different function. And there's more value when everyone has access to it. And so that was for us transformational. It would have gone from probably 1,000 people would have gotten it to now 10,000 have it. And I'm guessing the size of Verizon, it was probably not cost-effective or cost-possible to be able to do AI for everyone. Well, we actually did find a way. So we initially started with the methodology we talked about earlier where we told the leaders to purchase it. And then when Google rolled it into Gemini with an incremental cost, we actually worked out a deal where we could just roll it out to everyone. So pretty much everyone has it. Every single person with a Google account has Gemini. And now we need to, of course, get everybody to start using it. Yeah, exactly. And where do you see, Jeff, the next year going? How do you see that sort of progressing and the impact on AI just across the whole business and maybe not just within Workspace, but just AI within the business? Do you see that sort of maturing and changing this year? I really feel like it's changing. Like people are reimagining how they work every day. We have a pitch and prioritization process where the business, they have to come through this process. And you start seeing uncovering. People were already doing this in different silos. So I think now having sort of a sanction tool where we're promoting AI, they're just creating a lot and fostering more ideas where people were just hiding, kind of using it before. They're like, how can we do more? And uncovering their use cases and say, can Jim and I do this instead? I was doing this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's really fostered a lot of collaboration across the business. And Aspi, do you think it's changed the culture at all in your organization? Yeah, I think it's definitely, I see it as a new way of working where you go AI first and you rely on AI to do a lot of things for you, especially taking the cognitive workload off. That's your most immediate use case. There's going to be more. And once people tap into that creativity, because it's only limited by your creativity, once people tap into that, they really start thinking about more and more and more use cases. So you have to sift through them, right? Sometimes they are pretty crazy. Like I remember in the early days of OpenAI, somebody on my LinkedIn created a whole new language and he started posting in that language as well. And I'm like, you know, maybe not that one, but there were other use cases that were just spectacular. And so you kind of connect with that. You allow employees to put their ideas in. You allow them to share those ideas. I feel like it becomes table stakes at some point, which is why I love the fact that it's built into Google Workspace now. It's not an add-on, right? Because it is going to be table stakes for everybody. But the most important thing is, it's kind of like how we, when cars first came out and everybody started driving on highways, but initially it wasn't that easy. But then everything became about cars and highways. And now it's difficult to walk in my neighborhood even if I want to, right? Because the world gets built in the way that becomes the most populous way of working. And I feel like Gen AI will become that way. And so we are very cognizant of the fact that if we want to build a workplace for the future, if we do not train our people on how to use AI, and if they don't become effective at using AI, we are probably going to get left behind. And it's okay to be paranoid at that level, right? Because that paranoia allows you to become better and better at everything. And so that's where we are focused. If we don't do this, if we don't help our employees today, we are not going to have a workforce that's going to compete effectively with the other people who are trying to eat our lunch. And so how do we not let that happen and actually get beyond it to becoming really good at it and maybe the best at it as well? Yeah, definitely, definitely. Final question for me, and maybe from each of you, what advice would you give an organization who are about to go on this journey of investigating going to Google Workspace or to Gemini? Yeah, I think I have two key learnings that I didn't expect from running out Gemini company-wide. One is the amount of support you need to provide your employees because AI adoption is very fickle. So if people try Gemini the first time and they have a bad result, they're going to drop it. and you have people that have an ID but they're not sure how they can use the right tool to production. So there's people that come to you, you need to be able to address those concerns very, very fast. It needs to be personal. If you send them to an FAQ page, they're not going to pursue it. So that was one. A lot of support, public, so that people can use it. The second one, I'll tell you a quick story. We were planning this workshop for the Google team where we wanted to have Revolute people show their use case. So I go on the Gemini dashboard and I see, okay, the top user is this girl in legal. She uses it a lot. So I contact her and say, can you tell me about your use case and can you demo it? And she said, I don't want my boss to know that I'm doing this job with Gemini. And so you don't want to underestimate the cultural change that needs to happen for people to promote the user Gemini as a smart way of working instead of trying to hide it. And it goes by, if you're a line manager or leader, just encouraging people to do this task, Gemini. Yeah, that's good. Jeff, any advice from you? Very similar. Another one would be, like, everybody has, like, ELT, their extended leadership team, executives. Bring them along first and do roadshows and really explain, like, what the goals are and the outcomes that you want to achieve. Also bringing security and legal and don't try to go use case by use case for approvals. Try to make it more platform-based and centralize your FAQs, whether it's Gemini or another tool. Try to really consolidate your FAQs around privacy or you're just going to burn out in trying to get each use case approved. I think both of those, excellent piece of advice. We do both of those as much as we can. And I would say that also, to add to that, we are a digital workplace, right? So we are employee experience. We are in the business of managing people's emotions around technology. We're not in the business of managing technology as much as managing people's relationships with technology. So you have to focus in on that because that's where you'll get all the good information about how you can roll out technology successfully to employees, how employees are interacting with it, what their needs are, how to meet their needs, all of those different things. Excellent. Well, thank you, gentlemen. Really appreciate your time and thank you for sharing it with the audience. Appreciate that. Yeah, thanks for having us. Thank you. We've just got a couple more slides. So we have been doing some Gen AI at work events and we're actually going to take those around the world. So there's a chance you'll have that in a city near you. So keep an eye out for that. We'll be sharing some details on there where it's a full day around Gen AI about Gemini in there. So really useful events. I've done a few in Europe over the last month and they've really landed well with customers and we've had a lot of customers who have never really looked at Workspace before that are now looking at it because it gives them this option to be able to give, like you were saying, that equity to everyone that you're not feeling like you're left out. Everyone's getting AI. So it's a really sort of powerful thing. And also you're not alone. We've got Google Cloud Consultancy. So we've got real learning, professional services, technical account managers. We've got a lot of experience on how to land this well. So the support's there so that we can definitely help you on that journey. I think it's new to everyone so we're all learning as we go. So we've got a lot of expertise around helping you. And we've also got a lot of customers that really want to showcase it and share their knowledge and support other customers. So that's always an option as well. So thank you very much for your time. As mentioned before, there's some feedback on the survey. So if you only put good survey feedback, no bad surveys, you don't need to access the app for that. And hopefully you can now go for your first drink for the evening and enjoy the rest of the day. So thank you.