 Reviewer. Reviewer. Americans visit drive-throughs about six billion times every year. At about five minutes in order, that translates to almost one and a half million hours a day. That is 16 and a half million can I get your orders every single day. That is a lot of time that people are spending each day at the drive-through, especially if that experience isn't great. Here at Google Cloud, we asked, how can we make the simple drive-through experience better? Better for the customers who wait in their car and interact with these crackling, muffled little speakers that say, Hi, my name is Ryan. Can I take your order, please? Hi, my name is Ryan. Can I take your order, please? Awful. Better for crew members who deal with the high-pressure situations of listening to orders, inputting orders, packing burgers, calculating change, adding condiments, adding condiments, and still being expected to be nice to every single person they interact with. Better for the store operators that know that roughly 70% of restaurant sales come through the drive-throughs and need this experience not just to be good, but to be great. I am excited to talk to you today about how we are transforming the food ordering experience using Google's latest and greatest AI models. My name is Ryan Yu, and I am the product manager for Google's Food Ordering AI Agent product, more commonly known as Food AI. And I am honored to speak to you today about my team's amazing product. Just a quick rundown of what we are going to talk through today. I'll start off with an introduction of our product, taking you through some of our core features and the value that we bring to quick service restaurants. Next, I'll talk about an exciting new launch that we have, which answers the question, how can we give drive-through agents a little more personality? Finally, just to close things off, we want to talk about what's next. So really quickly, for those of you who aren't familiar, what's Food AI? Our vision is to help restaurants exceed customer expectations and increase productivity with a scalable food ordering platform. Lots of words. Let's break that down. By exceeding customer expectations, we want to provide a natural food ordering experience that helps customers answer questions and get their order as efficiently as possible. By increasing productivity, we mean minimizing the amount of time needed for drive-through management, which enables staff reallocation to higher value work. Instead of having the crew member absolutely dedicated to the drive-through, we can have them listening in the background while they're packing the burgers. Finally, a scalable food ordering platform. We've built this from the ground up with AI at the heart so that it's scalable for operations to thousands of stores on day one. So applying AI at the drive-through isn't exactly the easiest task for a number of different reasons. First and foremost is customer expectations. Customers are used to the human touch. They show up at the drive-through to be able to be heard, to be seen, and to feel that experience of warmth. And how do we translate that human experience with AI agents that inherently are not human? No easy feat. Second is menu complexity. What we've seen is that for a typical hamburger meal, there are over 200 billion ways to order that meal. If we think about all of the possible toppings, all of the different sauces, all of the different substitutions you can make, the possibilities are almost limitless. Well, 200 billion. Technology limitations are also another big factor. Agents must reply with very low latency while capturing ambiguous customer intent. Otherwise, it doesn't feel natural. It doesn't feel conversational. Finally, ambient noise and speech-to-text. Drive-throughs are inundated with tons of different noises every day. Ambulance noises, screeching tires, people yelling in the background. Tons and tons of noises that models will need to exclude as part of its speech-to-text and text-to-speech capabilities. So what did we do? We've built a solution that helps capture the essence of drive-through ordering in a simple, efficient, and fun way through the following major features. First, automated ordering. What we are seeing at our live drive-throughs is that we're getting upwards of 85% of orders that are completed without human intervention. Human-like voices. We are leveraging Google's latest speech and large language models to create a friendly ordering experience. Order upselling. What we're seeing is if we pitch the most relevant drinks, combos, and more, we can grow the average order size of many, many orders. Of course, this comes with the operational side of it too, including being fully aware that menus change all the time. Our models are flexible enough to update these menus in our menu management system and make adjustments whenever things go out of stock. We have loyalty and promotion integrations so that our AI agents know who they're talking to and what those people would like to order. Finally, experiments and analytics. We don't necessarily want to roll everything that we want to experiment out all in one go. So we've created a comprehensive structure to both test things slowly and make sure that they are exactly right for your customers before we roll it out in full. So what makes our Food AI product stand out? Well, we're combining the best of human-like interaction with computer precision, with a consistent customer experience. Our natural conversation allows for a broad range of topics, some in and out of drive-through and menu, that creates a human-like speech that simultaneously enforces business consistency. Second is our flexible, scalable, and fully automated system that are built on Gemini and our world-class speech models. This can handle complex ordering, product bundles, menu changes, regional variations, and more with very low effort. Third is that we are multimodal, multilingual, and multi-channel. Customers can converse in their preferred mode, language, and channel that integrates into the drive-through, digital menu boards, mobile orders, and more. And all of this works together to deliver superior business results. We are improving productivity and sales through faster ordering, higher order size, lower costs, better analytics, and more, to drive continuous improvement at the drive-through. I wanted to show you a little bit about what this experience looks like through this demo video. Welcome to Google Coffee. What can I get for you today? Hey, could I just get a latte and three chocolate croissants? Can I get you anything else? Yeah, could I also get an iced coffee with milk and two sugars? Which type do you prefer? Let me get the coconut. Sure. Anything else? Yeah, could I also get a caramel macchiato made with no caramel, add two pumps sugar-free vanilla, add three pumps mocha sauce, and add some extra caramel drizzle, and add some extra mocha drizzle? Anything else? Actually, no, that's it. Please pull up to the next window. As you can see, some of our favorite things to do are to try to trick the agent with our very long, complex orders, and we're always pleasantly surprised by how well it's able to parse these orders. What I am thrilled to share is that this isn't just a theoretical product that lives in a computer. These are agents that we have deployed live nationwide. And here is a news clip from NBC News that shows one of the news anchors trying out our product at Wendy's. Here's how it works. A customer drives up and talks into this speaker. Hi, welcome to Wendy's. Feel free to order whenever you are ready. The AI takes the order, listening and responding to questions. Can I get two double stacks? Inside, human workers watch a monitor as the order comes, then they prepare the meal. We went through the drive-thru to see how it works. Hi, I would like six regular nuggets and six spicy nuggets. Spicy nuggets here, regular nuggets here. I wanted to give a quick shout out to the folks at Wendy's who have helped build this with us. So, please give them a round of applause as well, right here. So, what I love about this product is not only does it deliver a fantastic experience, but it also creates a strong ROI story for quick service restaurants. We have different levers here that I wanted to focus on. Specifically on the cost side, we see a major improvement in terms of labor costs and efficiency. We're seeing about two FTE per day required to staff the drive-thru where about 30 to 50% of their time is dedicated to order taking. What we are seeing is that because this AI model allows some support for these folks, their efforts can be reallocated for increasing operational efficiency so that they can focus on higher value work, including things like preparing the food. Next is the issue of turnover, training, and development. We're seeing more training and development. In our conversations with quick service restaurants, we were seeing issues with labor markets, especially with high turnovers. We're seeing median tenure for crew members to be at about five months. And so, this type of solution reduces the frequency of onboarding and training and makes the section of training for food ordering a little bit more smooth for onboarding. Third is incorrect orders. We're seeing increased costs driven by rework and wasted inventory. And so, with increased accuracy and high quality conversational AI, we can eliminate some of that human error and lead to just lower error rates overall. In terms of increased revenues, one of the biggest levers that we're seeing is upsell. What we've noticed is that for human order taking, only about 33% of orders actually get upsold. And that's basically a function of crew members not being able to do this consistently. And what we're seeing is that the agent is able to do this fairly consistently, but also not in a very annoying way. That leads to consistent recommendations and offers that drives average check size to increase without impacting customer experience. Finally, drive-through throughput, which comes from lost revenues from abandonment and poor sentiment. What we've noticed is that through our solution, we're able to increase the number of drive-through orders, reduce the drive-through abandonment rate, improve customer sentiment, and drive an increase in annual customer visits. Now, I know what each and every one of you are thinking right now. Ryan, this is great. Sign me up. Sign me up. Well, what if I told you, wait, there's more. We, here at Google Cloud, are always expanding the limits of what's possible, so we've asked ourselves, how can we give drive-through agents a little bit more personality? You know, we regularly hear about LLM-powered agents being kind, helpful. Helpful, sure, they are that. But what if they can go beyond that? For example, what if agents could remember the regulars? Welcome to Google Cafe. Do you have a loyalty number? What can I get for you? Yeah, it's 1-9-4-2-7-3. Great to see you again, Ryan. What can I get for you? My usual, but add whipped cream today. Great. What else would you like? How about a hash brown? That's it for me. Coming right up. Have a nice day. As a creature of comfort myself, I love my standard order. I order the same thing all the time. And I would love not to have to repeat it every single time I go through the drive-thru. I want you to notice the change in voice here. Hey there. What can I get for you? The pop star combo meal, please. It's me, your favorite pop star. Thanks a lot for ordering my special meal. Do you want a soda and fries with that? A large soda and medium fries, please. would you like? I'm all good, thank you. All set, please pull up to the next window. Enjoy your meal. I sure know that if I hear my favorite celebrity's voice taking my order, I'm going to go back to that drive-thru again and again and again. Finally, what if orders are taken faster when the drive-thru is busy? During off-peak periods, like I'm going to show in this video, we can maximize revenues by pushing more upsells. Welcome, what can I get for you? A chicken burger please. Would you like to make that a meal? Okay. Would you like to upsize to a large fries and soda? Yeah, sure. Great. What else would you like? Maybe a dessert? Yeah, I want two of the brownies. Sure. What else can I get for you? I'm all good, thank you. Great. Your total is $15.50. Please pull up to the next window. As you can see, larger ticket size, but a little bit slower. During busy periods, what we see is that getting more cars through the drive-thru could be optimal. And this agent delivers on that. Hi, what would you like? A chicken burger, please. Got it. Anything else? Nope. That's it. Great. Please pull up to the next window. We are excited to announce our new feature, which is the adaptive AI agent. What this does is give your drive-thru AI agent a unique personality that works best for any situation. For example, it can personalize your customer's drive-thru experience by designing these very different and unique customized agent behaviors. What's cool is that you can configure agent responses, voices, and offers based on drive-thru conditions and triggers. And this provides you with a lot of control over various aspects of your customer's interaction experience. So how does this work? You have to know two very important concepts, conditions and behaviors. Conditions signal to the food ordering AI agent to adopt a specific agent persona at a specific situation. For example, at different times of day, things could get busy or less busy. If you know a customer's loyalty number, you might want to adapt or change your recommendations. Depending on what's already been ordered, you may want to avoid recommending the same thing. If the weather is a little hot today, especially in the summer and especially in Vegas, you may want to recommend an ice cream. We can also provide controls for inputs from various custom systems because we know that QSRs have a ton of different information about their customer that we can leverage. And all of these conditions translate to varying behaviors, which guide the generative agent's interactions with customers in three different buckets. First is responses. For example, we can change the welcome and closing message, especially if this is a regular and wants to be addressed in a different way. Or the response length and variation. If we see that customers, for example, in certain regions need to be a little bit chattier to be perceived as friendly, we can make that happen. Voices are also really interesting. We are leveraging the best of Google's text-to-speech models to be able to tweak things like type, speed, and pitch. In fact, our custom voice models are extremely realistic and lifelike. With a small snippet of your voice, we are able to deliver that across all the stores. Finally, offers is really exciting. We can use different types of upsell and cross-sell strategies, again, depending on these different conditions, as well as create tailored recommendations, especially if we have your loyalty information. And what I am excited to share is that the Adaptive AI Agent MVP is available in the Food AI console today in private preview. So this is something that you can see live within our console. What I'm very excited to share with you today is that, you know, we can work together to go beyond standard automation and explore the extent to which we can deliver an amazing customer experience with the Adaptive AI Agent. I'm so thrilled about how this product is able to optimize performance by increasing speed of service or average ticket size or whatever metric you're trying to optimize whenever it matters. I'm excited about how this product delivers customer delight by encouraging customer loyalty and creating a fun and engaging food ordering experience. And finally, I'm excited about all of the partner promotion possibilities. To generate partnership opportunities via tailored bundles with Custom Voice, the possibilities are endless. So what's next? Next, I would love for folks here to think through whether or not what you've heard today is interesting to your business. And please reach out if you think it is. We would love for you to try the Adaptive AI Agent MVP today. You can already use time-based triggers to optimize upsell strategies for your drive-through agents in the Food Ordering AI Agent console. And please do reach out. If you'd like to get in touch, go to this link at cloud.google.com slash solutions slash vertical AI agents, or check out our booth at the AI in Action Showcase to learn more. We are extremely excited to partner up with more drive-throughs. So if you think Food AI can meet your needs, please do reach out. And I would be more than happy to take your order. My name is Ryan. Thank you so much for listening and have a great rest of your day.