 All right, good afternoon everybody. How's it going? Woo-hoo! All right, well, welcome to our breakout session on Unlock Cloud Savings featuring Gemini Cloud Assist and FinOps Hub 2.0, but also featuring me, Sarah. I'm a head of product here at Google Cloud for the Cloud FinOps product set. Alfonso heads up our optimization pillar and Juwan leads the FinOps practice and sustainability at Lloyd's Banking Group. And we're going to talk a little bit about how we got here. We're going to hear from Juwan about how his FinOps practice is going. And then we're going to talk a little bit about how we're working together to further improve your FinOps practices with some of our new launches. But before we get into the futures, let's set a little bit of context on how it is we got to where we are today. Do you remember back in 2022 where if you were a FinOps practitioner and you told someone in the enterprise, I'm doing this thing called FinOps, they might have looked at you a little bit strangely and said, FinOps what? FinOps who? But fast forward now to 2025 and FinOps is the accepted practice and culture of managing cloud spend and figuring out value that cloud brings to your organization. And what you're looking at here actually is a high-level summary of all of the product launches that we've done since 2022 to support FinOps. And in fact, our product launches map very closely to how FinOps has evolved within an organization. In 2022, the FinOps Foundation put out the State of FinOps report and they said FinOps were really looking at getting engineers to take action and looking at optimizing. In 2022, we knew that if we were going to tackle any of these problems, we would have to start a foundational data layer. And so we looked at building rich, granular, sub-resource data that would inform on your cloud costs. And we started with compute. And we put out costs at the instance level. And then we moved on to Kubernetes where we provided costs for clusters and pods, all streaming through our BigQuery, BigQuery export, first across all hyperscalers without setting up these cumbersome ETL jobs. Fast forward to 2025 and we've actually provided sub-resource cost data for 19 services and still growing. In 2023, we heard FinOps was still trying to gain influence within their organization and still trying to get engineers to take action. We made a bet in 2023 that to help FinOps really try to gain influence within their organization, we wanted to become the first hyperscaler to very much be focused on providing the most optimized cloud. So what did we do? We put out industry first. First, we put out hourly granularity of usage data to inform on your committed use discount rate optimizations. And then we put out the FinOps hub, your one-stop shop for cloud cost optimization across your entire Google cloud that combines rate and usage optimizations in one place. And then something happened in 2024. Our bets in 2023 finally started to pay off. The state of FinOps report came out and the concern overall was how to get folks to evolve and look at managing commitments and reducing waste. Good thing we had the FinOps hub. And then we also continued to put out firsts. We started with real-time rate modeling optimization within our FinOps hub. We also expanded on the definition of cost by adding carbon cost reporting into the FinOps hub. And then we branched into further cost controls by providing rich, hourly anomaly detection down to the skew level. And it's actually really been an honor working alongside of you because we've seen as we grow our FinOps tools and FinOps evolves, our customers are growing too. First, our customers' FinOps practices are actually improving. When we put out the FinOps hub, we also put out a FinOps score which informs on how our customers are using our data, our optimization tools, and our cost controls on how to improve their FinOps practices. and we also add suggestions on how they too can improve their FinOps practices. And we've seen an increase since we put out the score of 7% across the board for our customers. Second, our FinOps customers are actually saving time. Late last year, we included Gemini Cloud Assist into our cost reporting. We've seen that customers are now saving over 100,000 FinOps hours in creating customized reports using Gemini Cloud Assist. And third, our customers are actually saving more money. When we put out anomaly detection at the end of last year, we've actually detected almost a million cost anomalies since just putting out this release. So, of course, the million-dollar question is, what will 2025 be the year of? Any guesses? Well, State of FinOps report has come out, and they claim that our FinOps folks are the most concerned about workload optimization and waste reduction. interesting. Juan, is this reflective of your concerns at the Lloyd's Banking Group? Yeah, thank you, Sarah. Yes, it is. Although some of the priorities that we face as an organization is maybe not reflective in that list, totally in the same order, optimization is really at the top of that list for us. So, hi, everyone. My name is Juan. I lead the FinOps function at Lloyd's Banking Group in the UK. I have been practicing FinOps for over six years now, and it coincided at the same time as the start of the FinOps Foundation. So, I've seen FinOps grow from something niche and obscure to actually mainstream and part of the cloud, every cloud organization. I started off from a finance background, so a little bit different to some of the engineering and architectural early adopters, but I think that gives me a unique view on cloud cost management. So, a little bit about Lloyd's. So, Lloyd's is the UK's largest retail bank. We've got 17 brands, as you can see, covering banking, insurance, mortgages, and wealth management. We were established in 1765, so we're kind of approaching 260 years as a going concern. So, just some figures to bring it to life a little bit more. We've got unmatched scale within the UK, right, 900 billion of assets under management. We've got 27 million active customers, which is roughly 50% of the total adult UK population. We have 34 million customer transactions that we process on a daily basis, and that translates into 6 billion logons. So, as you can see, we're kind of, we're a big deal, right? We're central to the UK's everyday banking experience. So, what do we do for Nobs and Lloyd's, right? So, we've got a complex, hybrid, and multi-cloud environment. We're kind of taking that legacy that we had and we're kind of digitizing that, if you like, and kind of bringing that and keeping up to date with what we're doing. And so, we've got a, as I said, a hybrid and a multi-cloud environment, and as a FinOps team, we cover both public and private. And then we're extending into SaaS, and we're extending into other technology, cost, items, like licensing, et cetera. So, we're kind of keeping in step with the FinOps foundation as well from a scopes perspective. So, that complex environment absolutely meant that we focused on visibility, billing, and forecasting at the start, just to kind of demystify what is going on across the estate. And we've also, we're in a really risk-aware organization, and that meant that we kind of implemented a central spend alerting solution based on the forecastings that we capture, et cetera. So, and I mention that because we're utilizing cloud-native functionality. And cloud-native functionality is really important to us because the FinOps hub is also a cloud-native functionality, and that kind of just lessens that the overhead of trying to kind of keep custom solutions up to date with all of the new levels of data that gets provided, the new releases, et cetera. So, it's really important that we stick to that. Optimization has always been an important part of what we do as an organization, as a FinOps team, but absolutely that focus increased last year as we grew our scale in the public cloud. Now, that's, we had a happy coincidence that the launch of the FinOps hub happened at the same time as though we had this increased focus on it. So, and as many can see from that, from the FinOps foundation, it is an important thing. Optimization is super important. So, really what we're trying to do from all of organization perspective is kind of operate on a shift left methodology, right, kind of starting stronger right from the beginning. But, in a complex organization like Lloyd's, a large scale organization with, with, with the various different flavors of cloud, et cetera, there is always something that slips through the net, right, and if you couple that with, with type migration schedules of, of, of burning places, platforms that we have to move off of, some stuff slip through that net. And that's where FinOps hub helps us absolutely, kind of with clear and actionable recommendations and making it harder for engineers to ignore the optimization recommendations we give them. So, FinOps hub, the game changer, right, that's, I think it is, it has really helped us to focus our optimization approach within, within, within Google. We've prioritized the biggest wins in those areas that drives the biggest value. Well, and we did that for a, for a few reasons, right, we wanted to kind of, kind of get some of the easy optimizations to drive that momentum, to show people, actually, that it is possible to do, and it's not so onerous for, for us as an organization. So, I guess the, the, the ability to visualize recommendations by both service and by an account is, is, is really helpful for us because when we're looking at it from a service perspective, we're trying to identify common themes and that kind of then fills into that shift left methodology where we can just kind of start stronger right from the start. But also, if we view it by account, what we can kind of highlight areas where support and further education is available, I think, is an important part that Phenops teams play in making sure that actually people understand what it is and, and again, demystify all of the, the information that they receive. I think, um, the tracking the progress, right, is, is really important because, you know, it's, it's, we want to show people the benefit of actually using the cloud that you can switch stuff off over a weekend or you can move to a smaller machine, et cetera, or you can change your life cycle, your storage life cycle policy in the public cloud. And so, therefore, we wanted to kind of highlight those and we wanted to highlight that if you make these changes, you will see a reduction in your cost. So, I think that's a really motivational tool for engineers to see action, reaction. Um, and we do see engineers trying to compete about who's going to be the most efficient, who's going to be implementing the most optimization recommendations. So, like, I'm all for a bit of gamification. So, the Phenops hub is absolutely central to our GCP optimization practice. if, um, hold on. Right. So, how do we actually use the Phenops hub in our organization? Right? What's the practical application of that? So, we use an API export to kind of get that information out and kind of visualize that within the dashboard. But, more than just visualizing that, I've got a finance background, right? I wanted to check whether what Google was saying is actually going to happen. And I'm here. So, it obviously did. Right? So, the skeptic in me has been satisfied. Um, so, but also, it allows for contextualization of, you know, by business unit function, whatever. it kind of, it helps us to know who to direct those cost savings to. Um, we, you know, we use our self-serve dashboard and it allows engineers not to kind of have to trawl through hundreds of recommendations to kind of find the ones that are applicable to them. It is there. You've got access to the dashboard. You open it. You'll see recommendations if you have any. Um, we still have one-to-one sessions with teams just to kind of help there and kind of build confidence and momentum and we've seen a lot of those teams actually self-serve out of the dashboard later on. So, that extension of the FunOps hub into our own dashboarding system is really paying dividends. Um, and for the, for the time constraint and, and the less confident users, um, we kind of have provide some AI generated code snippers, right, to lower that cognitive load on the engineers, make it easy. Make it easy and it gets done and track it and it gets done. Um, so, what are the benefits of using the FunOps hub for us? What have we seen? Now, this is obviously going to be different for every, every organization but, FunOps skills are super scarce, it seem, right? It's kind of really highly sought after job because it's part of the mainstream cloud organization now. So, everyone is hiring a FunOps engineer. This is a, is a, the market is, is, is super hot. So, we wanted to use transferable skills and we wanted to utilize what we have in the organization already. There are people with some great, some, some great experience of, of kind of doing related things and we were kind of wanting to use that ability. So, this is, is probably our biggest benefit is actually allowing us to use non-FunOps engineers to extract and to socialize those benefits, right? So, the democratization of those optimization opportunities has been, has been amazing, right? The barrier eventually can be quite high to, to, to, to kind of FunOps when you start off and this is an easy way for us to consume that and, and, and, and the team also has a sense of contribution to the cloud organization. So, as I mentioned, the prioritization, I mentioned that earlier, it is, it's easy for us to prioritize some of the big impact activities, right? That kind of builds momentum and it, and it impacts on that mindset change that we're trying to drive in the organization as well. Moved on to public cloud, let's change the way that we think about this. This is absolutely helping us on that journey. The, the, the recommendations that we get from, from the FunOps hub is, is, comes with a good level of detail, right? And that's really important to kind of drive that, drive that trust and, and kind of, you know, there's some robust recommendations in there and once an engineer can actually see the detail behind that, it is an easy thing for them to kind of get their head around that or, or, or trust the process and implement that. And then, as you can see there, it is, it made a huge impact to our, to our organization and it's like embedded with kind of nearing a thousand recommendations that have been implemented so far. Right. And just kind of, just kind of, just talk a little bit about, you know, the, how Google is actually helping us with the FunOps hub, why that, the global network kind of results in the shared success for us as a, as a team. So, it has been an absolute game changer right from an optimization perspective. It is not just about that out-of-the-box functionality, but it's how it fits into the way that we work, right, or rather, actually, how we can build our processes around that cloud-native functionality. The, the industry best practice that Google can see from all of their customers is, is a, is an amazing driver for us, right, and then if we combine that with some of the insightful recommendations and the detail that we get out of that, and the ability for us to configure it to our organizational context and building construct, it is some pretty powerful stuff, right, and it leads to kind of, it leads to real-world action. Sarah made mention of it, there is a section, and that's probably the reason I'm standing here today, if I'm honest with you, there is a bit where we are, where you can review yourself, you can view yourself against them, against other teams, and there's no way that anybody is going to beat my, me and my team on optimization recommendations, so we're kind of, we're obsessed with it, we kind of discuss it almost on a daily basis on how we're going to drive that, how we're going to move our score up, but also kind of just keep ahead of everybody else type of thing, right, so it is real, I mentioned that in Barcelona at the end of last year, and that's why I'm standing here, to be honest with you, just kind of that, that bit, but the real strength of the FunOps Hub, right, is when it's owned, when it's shaped, and scaled by the team, actually kind of closest to the work, right, so that's really where we see the amazing benefit from it, so, you know, I've had a glimpse of some of the stuff that's coming down the line, some of the new developments, and I'm super excited, right, to kind of just how, to see how Google is going to help me kind of tackle some of those optimization recommendations that we're going to see, that we're going to need in the future, and they're going to make me and my team look good, continue to look good, hopefully. Thank you. All right, well, thanks, John. I'm glad to hear how the FunOps Hub is actually helping your practice, and let's see how we're going to help FunOps more this year. Here, I'll actually also invite Alphando up with me to also help go through kind of what we have in store, and I want to also say that in part, you know, we owe the pace of our innovation to the amazing technological advances of Gen AI and Gemini Cloud Assist. You know, we've always been an AI-first company. It's really in our DNA, but as Joanna said, you know, when you're applying this type of technology to financial applications, you know, we've always been extremely thoughtful in how we do this, targeting, first of all, workflows that we can either save our customers time, save our customers money, or improve their practices, as well as ensuring accuracy. So, recall 2025, year of workload optimization and waste optimization, and it starts always with the journey of viewing and understanding costs, because you can't optimize what you can't see, and so we're extremely proud to announce that Gemini Cloud Assist with Cost Reports now also supports viewing costs by App Hub applications, you know, because viewing costs isn't just about service by service. It's about the collection of infrastructure that creates value for your business in a workload or in an application. So, now you can use Gemini Cloud Assist to create custom cost reports by asking questions such as, you know, what are my staging costs for this application? Where am I spending the most amount of money? What are my Vertex AI costs? And also, you don't need to face the blank canvas problem as well, so even if you don't know what question to ask, don't worry. We also surface up the most relevant cost reports for you. And every cost report now comes with even deeper cost insights. So, you don't need to hunt around in the data to find a cost spike. You can understand what's driving your costs at the project, regions, SKUs, all these insights come within our cost reports for free. And as mentioned already, the results of our initial launch last year has already saved our customers tons of time in creating these reports. And now, with additional scopes and granular insights, we're excited to see how much more time we can actually save our customers. So now that we have a good picture of our costs, what are we going to do about workload optimization and waste optimization, Alfonso? Thank you, Sarah. Hi, everyone. It's really exciting to be here at Next with all of you. I'm Alfonso, product manager in Google Cloud Billing, and I oversee the cost optimization experiences within the Google Cloud Billing console. As I indicated, the journey always starts with visualizing and understanding your costs. But sometimes, you will see that the usage patterns change, or there's a huge spike in your costs, and you need to pivot to cost optimization, and that's when things get complicated real fast. That's why today, I'm very, very proud to announce new capabilities within the FinOps Hub that were designed to transform cost optimization in Google Cloud. Our focus has been to make FinOps Hub smarter, more intuitive, and more actionable. And we build across three pillars. First, we build Gemini Power experiences to help you save time. Second, we are building a new experience that we are calling FinOps Hub 2.0, or Utilization Insights, to identify and remediate waste. And finally, we are bringing new cost optimization recommendations to the table. So those three. So when you get to FinOps Hub, you have a good understanding of a single place to see your cost optimization. how much you have saved, your potential savings, and how your FinOps practices score. But as one, John, was telling us, sorry, environments can be complex with hundreds, potentially thousands, of different projects. And in each project, you have multiple resources that may be scattered across different regions, across different services. And the big questions are always the same. Where are my biggest opportunities hiding? How should I optimize? Should I look for a specific project? Are my opportunities concentrated in a particular region? Or should I just go service by service? All this analysis can lead to paralysis or missavings. This is precisely where Gemini Cloud Assist comes in. It provides proactive cost optimization insights directly within the FinOps Hub workflow, removing the guesswork so you can get to action faster. Next up is our FinOps Hub 2.0. This experience we are calling utilization insights. And for building this, we basically had to correlate very granular cost-level data with utilization metrics to find ways and tell you exactly how to optimize. Initially, we support four services, Compute Engine, Kubernetes Engine, Cloud SQL, and Cloud Run. And we detect things like your idle resources or right-sizing opportunities, whether it's an under-provision or an over-provisioned resources, and then, finally, suboptimal configuration. You may have certain settings that are affecting your cost. Now, you may be thinking, okay, this sounds great, but how do I actually understand and quantify and visualize these opportunities? So, this is one of my favorite features in the FinOps Hub 2.0. It's called the Waste Map. The Waste Map will give you a simple view of how your resources are doing, concentrating them, grouping them by the total cost of the waste, the number of resources, and then it provides a clear view of all this waste aggregated that we have identified. Plus, we are now integrating with App Hub, so you can do all this optimization, all this waste identification and remediation through the lens of your specific applications. solutions. But we didn't stop there. There's a problem here with finding the waste and finding where is the needle in that haystack, right? So, we build Gemini here as well. We have proactive cost insights that identify waste to get you to action faster, but we also wanted to take the journey and start to take action on behalf of the user and getting into that process. So, we have two features here. The first one is called focus prioritization. And we do this by you can ask Gemini, look across your complete billing account and try to find the biggest projects, the projects with the biggest opportunity so you can start taking action. And basically what it does, Gemini will filter the view for you, select up to top 10 projects, we will refresh the heat map so you have a clear view of those projects and how the proportionate, each one of them proportionally represent across your billing account. Underneath we have a table with each of the resources showing exactly how much they are costing, the utilization metrics, and the associated recommendation to go and fix the problem. And the second feature we have is called summarize and send. And this works by taking the information you have on the screen. Because we understand finding waste is one thing. But fixing it requires teamwork. Right? So that's where summarize and send shines. It looks at all the information you have on the screen and it will find the top optimization opportunities for you and draft the communication so you can collaborate with your DevOps, your finance, and business stakeholders and get to action faster. You can take this draft email communication or this communication and put it in an email, put it in Slack, use it in a GR ticket or any tool that fits your workflow. And then the third pillar that I was talking about is new cost optimizations. I'll start with GKE. We now help you optimize your GKE clusters. We have three recommendations here. The first one is identifying those idle clusters that you may be paying for but perhaps you shouldn't. Second, we have overprovision clusters that may be ripe for right sizing. And third, those overprovision clusters that perhaps are at performance or reliability risk that could impact your business operations. Next up is compute engine. We have also expanded the coverage we have in FinOps Hub to extend into underprovision VMs. And we have two very interesting recommendations that deal with GKE reservations. The first one is called idle reservations. It will detect those reservations, GKE reservations that are completely unused, and it will tell you to go ahead and delete them. And then we also have partially utilized reservations where perhaps you have a reservation for ten resources, but you're using three. So we detect that, and we tell you you can go ahead and right size it. We also have recommendations for other services, like Cloud SQL. We expanded into underprovision SQL instances so you can prevent some of those issues, performance issues and reliability issues that I was talking about. And finally, for Cloud Run, we are looking at the specific configuration you have for your CPU allocation and tell you if you have a different billing model that will be cheaper for you. These are all the recommendations we... The new recommendations, what I have on the screen, is the inventory of all the recommendations that are already existing in the FinOps Hub. And I want to invite all of you to start testing this today. This feature is rolling out today, and it will be available to all of you in a public preview within the next two weeks. And now I'll pass it to Sarah to talk about some of the other features. Oh, man, this is hard to follow up. Super exciting to see, finally, utilization insights for customers to be able to pinpoint exactly where their waste may be. But what's good about having all this tooling if you can't also get it out to the folks that need it? That's right. It was a customer that said, Sarah, all this stuff you guys are putting out is great, but what I want to do is I want to provide it to my pharmacy department. Can you help me? That stuck with me. And I know that many of our customers here use projects today to organize and segment their costs. It's one of actually the great things about Google Cloud is that we have a lot of ways to allocate and organize costs that come out of the box today. So we have a lot of customers that actually are using projects to do this. In fact, actually, I'm curious in this crowd here, are there any folks here that manage projects but don't have access to these tools today? Hands up. Curious. Okay, good. I'm seeing some hands. All right. This is good. Okay. So now you can. You can now request access to see cost reports for the projects that you own as well as FinOps Hub 2 through our new project billing cost manager role. And don't worry if you guys also use custom roles. You can use the finer grain permissions that we have to include in those custom roles as well. So now, say you're a FinOps practitioner, you can give cost reports and you can give FinOps Hubs to an engineering line of business to go and take action. This has been a long time coming. There's a QR code. So, of course, this is a major change to our permissions. So we're rolling this out slowly and we're working with our customers on feedback around this. So please, if you're super interested in this feature, sign up, get access and get access to these tools. So with Google Cloud FinOps, you know, we're truly endeavoring to help our customers unlock cloud value. But at Google Cloud, you know, we're also trying to do this in a way hopefully that you see through hearing about Juan and his score that, you know, that's truly googly. So I actually wanted to end this session with a thought, which is, you know, we really want to help our customers manage their cloud spend, but also have fun doing so. And so to help you with this, our final surprise is, that's right, we're happy to announce that we now have dark mode supported within our billing console. I've actually been using this for quite a while and I love it. So hopefully, you know, these new capabilities that we've rolled out today, please, you know, let us know how you find them. And, you know, let's not make this the end of our conversation. We have a lot of different sessions here at Next focused on optimization after this. And in fact, if, you know, you're interested in chatting and, you know, letting us know how you find these tools, you can actually see them live. Go to the application management demo in the expo. You want to see the Waste Map live, it's running. And also you can talk with myself, Juan, Alfonso. We're going to be at the FinOps meetup after this. We're going right down to the citizens restaurant. So if you're interested in continuing the conversation, please, you know, come see us.