 Hey, everybody. I know people are still filing in. Please feel free to take your seats as you come in. I'm going to get started. My name is Matthew Lesky. I'm a group product manager on the Workspace Outbound Product Management team. I'm joined here with my colleague, Jared, who will introduce himself in a minute. For the past year and a half, we've spent a good proportion of our time working with early adopter companies of Gemini and other generative AI products. So we've worked with these companies. We've partnered with them. We've worked through a lot of exercises and techniques for how to drive adoption within their organizations. And we're going to share insights with you today, which is a result of that work. Jared? Thanks, Matthew. I'm Jared Iwata, and like Matt said, we are really focused on looking at and enabling generative AI technologies with our customers. A lot of folks think about generative AI and are sort of overwhelmed by the technical jargon that gets thrown out there. Things like LLMs, TPUs, GPUs, ML, AGI, agents. Things like LLMs, TPUs, and I think the thing that we've learned over the last year and a half is that adopting Gen AI is largely, you know, about getting past the fear of the unknown. And it's not so much about the computers, but it's about how people find value in technology, as you would see with any technological change. Today we'll show you how we're seeing some of the organizations like yours that we work with take advantage of AI and make themselves more productive and more prepared for what we believe is the future of work. They do all of this without writing a single line of code, using the interfaces that are available and comfortable to them that they use every single day in their work. We'll talk about the challenges that we all face in the world as we go through and think about solutions to our everyday challenges and work. And hopefully you'll walk away with a clearer understanding and clearer view of how people are actually taking advantage of the power of Gen AI and how it can be applied to your everyday tasks. The Gen AI landscape is rapidly evolving. And while Matt and I have been working on this for a year and a half, I feel like we are deeply steeped in the history of where Gen AI has taken us and where we began is very different from where we are today. We've jumped across the chasm, and we are at the stage of early adoption that we know happens with the early majority in all adoption technologies. Similar to any major shifts in technology, you as early adopters are going to be able to shape the way the industry and the products get built simply by working with your vendors and finding the value for your individual companies. More importantly, you'll be building skills that your competitors who may be lagging behind are not necessarily building within their own organizations. So we believe that adopting actually empowers you and your workforce to shape a durable career as you think about the future and how this technology plays into the things that you already do. So think of this work and our talk today about an augmentation of your skills and your existing capabilities, how you can do things faster, more efficiently, and create new skills that you maybe didn't have time to focus on or didn't even know to develop. Let's talk about the problems that real people have that generative AI can help solve. By show of hands, how many folks have said these things or felt these things? I have too many spaces. I can't remember where I saw that last conversation. I know I've seen this slide somewhere, but I can't remember where. I don't even have time to read all of my emails. And as folks that are in this room spending time with us, I know that we're all probably receiving emails, messages, texts that add to this information overload and this sense of too much information and too little time. So let's talk about how you can use AI to help manage that overwhelming feeling of information. We really think of AI as having the ability to act as your second brain, really offloading the cognitive load of everyday work so you can focus on what's most important throughout your day. We'll talk about a couple of examples from our customers who use Gemini. For those of you who work in sales, sales-related roles, or even work with sales teams, you know the challenge of responding quickly and accurately to requests for information or for proposals in order to generate and win new business. The questions you receive are often thematically similar or in many cases basically the same. But remembering how you responded last time, locating the exact email where you wrote it down, the chat message you exchanged, or the document you wrote can be incredibly time-consuming. You can take a lot of information and load it into AI. The way we do this with Gemini is you can create a gem, which is a small, customized version of the Gemini app. Load it up with all the information as you respond to those RFPs. And then simply ask it questions or ask the questions that are being proposed in the new RFP to generate responses quickly. Gemini becomes your knowledge repository and prevents you from having to remember every detail or locating every single document that was made previously. It really turns a complex project that could take hours into something you respond to in minutes. Another example is something that I have to do every day as I go through my job. And I'm not a lawyer, nor do I play one on TV, but sometimes my job requires me to look at complex documents, whether that be a contract, terms of service, or even just a dense research report. Customers across industries see this challenge because complicated information being delivered in a document is not uncommon. What we're seeing is folks are loading up these documents into the Gemini app or into Notebook LM and simply asking questions of it. The most basic implementation is summarization. So tell me what this is about. Summarize it into five bullets. But you can actually go beyond the summarization and probe the document to find what information may be missing. So taking your work one step further, helping you find the gaps maybe in your knowledge or in the document itself. You could ask questions and say, what questions should I be asking myself when I evaluate this document? To really think critically about the information being presented to you. These are a couple of examples that we hope help you think about how AI can help you be a smarter person and look at things a little bit faster at work. So what do we mean when we talk about upskilling? We think about the challenge about keeping up with information and communication as unending throughout our day. We feel this pressure to respond quickly to emails and create responses as rapidly as we can. Sometimes this generates terse information and communication that can be misinterpreted. One of the non-obvious places that we've seen customers have success with AI is cultivating improved communication skills. Think of it as a friendly coworker who you can review your email before you send it out. So when we think about things like tone, with a few keystrokes, our customers are having AI review emails to evaluate the tone of an email so that it can't be misinterpreted or helps avoid any misunderstandings in order to enhance the communication between people within an organization and outside an organization. For multinational companies or companies or companies or cultural barriers, cultural sensitivity is a real concern. Many of our customers work in an environment where they need to be especially cognizant of these important differences. AI helps them evaluate their email based upon the cultural contexts that ensure the most effective communication between teams. Let's also spend a little bit of time thinking about information itself. Information is the lifeblood of your company. Another consistent theme we've heard from our customers is that they use AI to express and share expertise and information across an organization. Surfacing up that information to the right person at the right time. And more importantly, using information to enrich your company so that the collective knowledge that is being created every day is available to everybody in the organization. So let's talk about how it works. Like we've said, one of the key attributes of AI is the ability to collect data for your organization. And so if you think of AI as having the ability to chat with an expert, we all have this experience of work where there's that one person who knows everything about the ins and outs of a policy. Whether that be, you know, the HR or IT or marketing policies associated with your company. And so you rely on that person, you ask them, you know, what's the per diem when I'm traveling? Or when can I order a new laptop? Unfortunately, these people are few and far between. And what we've seen is that a lot of our customers are able to take the company information and distill it into tools like Notebook LM. Notebook LM is a retrieval augmented generative tool that takes the information that you provide to it and answers based upon that specific corpus of data. So we have a major retail customer who has hundreds of pages of in-store policies governing everything from uniforms to product returns. It's nearly impossible for any single person who works in that organization to know all of those different policies, ins and outs, let alone the fact that they change over time. And so what they've done is loaded all of that information into a notebook and provided their employees the ability to simply ask questions about those policies in order to get the information faster. Can I authorize a return with these parameters? What is the dress code for an associate? What time and how often do our employees need breaks? These are real examples where an expert could answer them, but making that information accessible to the employee makes the whole team faster. Another use case that we see very commonly that is incredibly powerful, folks, is about having a data analyst in your pocket. Just by a quick show of hands, how many folks actually know how to create a VLOOKUP in Sheets off the top of their head? Okay, for everybody who didn't raise your hand, you have my empathy because I struggle every time I have to do this. Before AI, I spent several minutes Googling for the right incantation I needed to perform in Sheets in order to do this and then struggling to format the data to get it to work properly. Oftentimes, I would just give up on frustration and maybe use a pivot table instead. But what we're seeing is that using AI in things like Sheets allows our employees to have the ability to ask in natural language, how do I do this thing I'm trying to achieve and have AI bring back the actual formula you need to implement and insert it directly into the Sheet? More powerfully, we see our companies and our partners using AI to uncover hidden information in Sheets or patterns that are harder to recognize. So they're looking for outliers or prompting AI to see if there are patterns in data. So thinking of this as a data analyst that can sit beside you at all times without having to wait for a response from an expert in that field. We see this value building across roles. And so it's not just restricted to folks like data analysts. So I've been a product manager for about 20 years and done hundreds of product launches. And I can say with high confidence that that experience is really hard to teach. It's why we have mentors. It's why we have people that are being trained every day. But what if I could clone myself? What if I could take that expertise and empower people within the organization to perform that task or at least get started in that task without me? And that's what we're seeing across teams with our customers. So in the example of product development, you're able to create a customer FAQ associated with a product launch and then have either the person who's less experienced or the more experienced person review that. Or in the case of finance, provide me a due diligence checklist for a potential acquisition of a company. Or in the case of manufacturing, we're seeing customers do things like create a launch plan for a new hardware product that includes pre-marketing materials, launch day activities, and post-launch support. Previously, these asks would have fallen solely on a senior contributor within your team. But now, anybody with access to AI can prompt it to have this level of expertise, generate output that can then be reviewed by a team. And so you have junior folks that are learning because they're seeing this output created readily, and senior folks who are reviewing it and refining it along with those junior folks to really create a virtuous cycle of rapid development across the job lifecycle. I also want to think about how you're upskilling this in terms of identifying things you don't know. And this is where AI is incredibly powerful. It gives you a well-rounded perspective and helps you discover things that may be missing in your work. So in the case of things like responding to customer complaints, we see things like here's a draft response to a customer complaint, and what critical piece of information may be missing to this response that could leave the customer feeling unsatisfied. So creating better customer outcomes by providing a well-rounded perspective of things that you're doing with your customers every day. Or if you're creating an internal presentation, here are the slides from my upcoming presentation. What key pieces of information supporting data or even persuasive elements may be missing from that that can make the presentation more impactful and complete? These are the types of executions that, again, don't require a single line of code to be written, but really bolster the products that are being created out of everyday work by giving you this perspective that you may or may not have and forcing you to think about the things from the view of other people who may consume your deliverables at work. And so hopefully this gives you some ideas about how you can take things that you do in your tasks across teams, across organizations, across company sizes, and apply them to your work every day. And now I'll pass it to Matthew to talk to you about how AI can help retain institutional knowledge. Thank you, Jared. Here's my... Yes. Thank you, Jared. I'm going to work through the second half of the presentation here with you today. And I'm going to use an example from my personal experience where generative AI tools in Gemini have up-leveled my productivity and completely changed the way we work as a team. So I'm going to use that as the underlying example that I work through here through a couple of things. And the first one is around retaining institutional knowledge. Now, before the advent of AI, people didn't take notes in meeting. We say we take notes. We have company policies. We have leadership telling us to take notes. But the reality is the best meetings happen and the most value for the organization when people are deeply engaged in meetings, they're having conversations, they're getting excited about their idea, and it's physically impossible, at least for me, to sit there and take notes and record what's actually happening at the same time. So the only time this was happening is when you happen to have the luxury of a scribe, or afterwards you would sit there and you would take notes and try and record what happened. But that's, of course, lossy because you need to remember what happened in the meeting. This is a problem that Gemini and AI Tools solve extremely well. Like, there's no excuse for in any meeting, you don't click that one button to start taking notes and a transcript of the meeting. Which brings me to the second point. The reality is that taking notes in meetings, as of itself, is kind of useless, right? The notes themselves, nobody goes and reads it. It's like I had an uncle when I was a kid, and he would literally have his camcorder on the family vacation, and he would record, like, five minutes of a waterfall falling or driving down a highway, right? And as a kid, I had to sit there and watch that. That's what it feels like reading somebody else's transcriptor of a meeting or meeting notes. This stuff is not actually useful. Which brings me to this story about Steven Johnson. So I'm not sure if you've heard of Steven Johnson. There's a QR code there to a YouTube video if you're interested. So Steven Johnson is a nonfiction author. He recorded over a 25-year period a set of notes of all the interesting articles he'd read, all the different points and quotes he wanted to keep, and there's 7,000 of them. He came to Google a couple years ago to help build Notebook.lm, and the goal of Notebook.lm was to be your thought partner when working in these activities across a data set. So within Notebook.lm, you can create a notebook, or it's essentially like having a robot who's read all the information in a particular data set, is an expert on that, and then you can have a dialogue about that. You can discuss that. So to bring this to life, I'll talk through my workflow and then show some real-life examples of this in a moment. The first thing is, for the past year, every single meeting I've been in, I've taken notes. I've clicked that Take Notes to Me button. If it's an in-person meeting, I put my phone on the desk. In the meeting, clicked Instant Meeting, clicked Take Notes, left it there. It's cheap, it's free, it costs you absolutely nothing, just a couple of clicks, and you've got a record of the meeting. Then what I do is I take the notes and I cluster them around themes. So I have a notebook for all our team meetings. I have a notebook on every discussion I've had with customers around Gemini. I have a notebook for every customer discussion I've had around security or around reporting. So I've got these notebooks, these information, which record every piece of discussion I've had with customers about this. That allows me to go in, and I've got some examples on the next slide, and start to ask questions about what are quotes, what's coming from those meetings, what helps me retain that information and access it. But more importantly, I can also give access of that to other people. So I can give access to my team. They can add notes to that as well. That becomes a resource. Or an example is, the other day I had the chat PM come to me, and she was like, hey, do you have any examples of things, features that customers are looking for in Gemini for Google Chat? And I said, well, instead of me going and talking, why don't I give you access to the notebook? You can go and query what you need to, and you can see directly what they're saying about Gemini and Google Chat. So you can give people access to this. This is the notebook I'm going to use. The reason I'm not doing a demo is because these are real people, real companies, and it's kind of scary to look at what it might come out with if I was doing a demo. So I've got screenshots to make it safe. There are 25 companies represented in this notebook. So these are meetings over the past year with every admin from those companies, individual people, power users I've spoken to. I pulled this together in a notebook. In total, that represents over 1.5 million employees. They've got offices in 150 countries, and they cover a number of different industries, like tech, manufacturing, healthcare, professional services. When you think about it, that's a huge wealth of information for how those companies and how those people are using AI tools. What I can then do with that is ask a simple question here. So the prompt is at the top. It couldn't fit into the screenshot. It's like, hey, give me quotes about what people love about Gemini. So what's different here is if you think about the old school way of working, it would have been me remembering what they said afterwards and putting it into notes, putting it into a spreadsheet, trying to find that afterwards to pull out the quotes. This is actually what the person said. It was recorded. You can see from their tone of voice how they were referencing it, exactly what they said in the meeting. Another example here is really interesting. So I put, hey, I'm on stage now. I was planning to be here last week when I put this query. What are things that people are saying about learning to use Gemini that would be useful information for them? So I can query this out. These queries take seconds to run, right? So you can ask anything. You could put in there, hey, what are the top features that the Gmail team should be building around generative AI to improve competitiveness against another product or to deeply drive adoption or whatever the goal is here? So it is actually your full partner in these discussions. So everything we've spoken about so far is how you use the product or how you can use the product as an individual. The other lens to think about is I know a number of you are probably admins. So think about how as an admin can you help people get value from these tools? The first, to up-level a bit, the first question we normally get when chatting with organizations is like, hey, we're worried about missing the train here, missing the boat. We want to kind of make sure we're getting value from AI. The reality is if you're worried about that, you probably are missing the boat, right? If you're not already there, this is not early adopted. This is mass adoption of this technology. So if you're not worried about this, if you're not driving it, that's a concern. Adoption is the starting point where people start. So like obvious questions. How many people in your organization are using it? Which departments are using it? Which users in the organization are not using it? They need some training. They need some help. They need to, you need to try and light them up somehow. Which people in the organization are using the AI tools the most? They're the most valuable resource in your organization to meet with and understand and discuss with them. Productivity is a difficult term because everybody goes from, every company kind of goes through this. It's like, first of all, are we missing the boat? Fine. You're not missing the boat. Get started. Second thing, how do we measure? Okay, we know we're using it. Are we actually getting value from this? This is the hardest question. And it's because you might think about that. Okay, so I can take notes in every meeting. Well, that just generates more documents. Is that more valuable or not? I can write documents more quickly. Well, are they good documents? I can write longer documents or shorter documents. I can get more people reading my documents. Well, is that actually adding value to your organization or not? It's really hard to measure. Most companies who look at this look at it for a while and then try and come at it like something like trying to save time or something like it. It's a really hard thing to measure. The only success I've seen here is there's a couple of companies, people like Temporal or people like some small boutique consultancies who can help you understand this and measure this. But fundamentally, the impact of AI is a human thing. So the value you should be trying to deliver is think about the people. How is this making people feel? Is this helping them? Is this making them feel more productive? I went back to my notebook and asked the same questions. Like, what are the four things we should recommend to admins when they think about driving a successful program? This is what the notebook came back with. Like, every successful organization has an AI council. So it's a group of people whose job it is to help drive adoption, think through which pockets in the organization are using it or not. They need to be connected with the legal team and the policy team to make sure you're using it in a responsible way. But it needs to be somebody's job to drive it. Natural adoption won't happen. This is a change management task. We talked about already the second one, which is measurement. Generative AI champions are extremely valuable. The influence in your organizations, the influences, will be the people who bring out those key use cases, those high-value user journeys. They'll be the ones who are able to help drive the adoption in the organization. So fostering that community is something as simple as a chat group, right, where they can come together or meetings. So fostering that's important. And the final one, which a lot of people don't realize, you will need to invest in some form of training. Like, this is a different tool set. Now, there's a bunch of people who are just like, I get this, I'm going to dive in, and I'm going to use it. But that's not everybody in every organization. There's also a bunch of people who are scared, who are worried, who don't know this is unfamiliar. You need to get past that to help them out. Which brings me on to the last section here about getting started. This you can look at from two aspects, either you as an individual or the message you want to deliver to people in your organization about how to get started. And the first thing we get from people who are kind of non-believers, like, hey, why would I go to Gemini? Why not just go to Google and ask the question? And the kind of response is like, you just don't get it. You're thinking about it wrongly. And it's because if you're asking that, then all you're trying to do is retrieve information. You're not thinking about how you can have a partner and change the way you think or ask questions in a different way or learn something that you don't know yet. And the reason not to just Google it, of course, is you have the ability to grow new skills as an individual. Like, those individuals can up-level. They can discover what they don't know, and they can make information more accessible in the way they work. The key piece of advice is like, just put something in your daily habits to make it so that you start using this. Like, start by taking notes in every meeting. Start by every time you get a new project. Instead of starting from scratch, writing a document, just go and get Gemini to start. It's a great starting point. Then there's a whole bunch of people who will be resistive. So I've been a product manager for 20 years, and I get junior PMs come to me. They're like, hey, I'm trying to launch this thing. We want to change some settings in the admin panel. We think we can give people three months' notice. Is that okay? And it's like, first of all, as an experienced PM, it's like, I roll. Of course that's not okay. You can't just go and change stuff. But, and then I write this big, long email, and I, like, describe to them why they need to kind of think about the users and the admins before they go and do things. But then, you know, I can put the same prompt into Gemini and get 90% of that answer in five seconds, copy that into an email, tweak a couple of things, and send it. And save myself a good amount of frustration thinking about the problem. And the final thing here is we think it's really important to help people understand that AI will help you succeed. AI is not going to replace people. AI is going to help people become more effective, up-level the way they work, scale in different ways, and it's going to help them be better at what they're doing. That's an important message to deliver because there's still a lot of people who are worried about that. And the final note here is that Gemini helped write this presentation in a huge way. So we started by saying, what would be a good topic to talk about at Next? We got a whole bunch of ideas. We went through that. Then when we came up with that, we had a meeting. We sat down. We took notes in the meeting. We took the notes from that meeting. We put it into Gemini. It said, give us an outline for a deck. It created a deck. We worked on it for a bit. Then we took the deck and we put it back into Gemini. I said, how do we make this better? It helped improve the talking points and the structure of the deck. And then we said, give us the speaker notes for the deck. So it saved us hours of, literally hours of time pulling this together. With that, we're going to have time. We have about 15 minutes here for Q&A. There'll be a couple people with microphones. Please feel free to put your hand up if you've got any questions. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I was just curious, too. There are a lot of concerns, especially from compliance and legal perspectives surrounding generative AI, intellectual properties. And that has typically been, actually be a pretty big hurdle for a lot of companies to really adopt generative AI in their workflows and stuff. So have you seen companies navigating that and how do they navigate that? So I got a lot of feedback. Was the question, how are folks dealing with intellectual property challenges relative to generative AI? Well, it's still not settled that any content that you generate from a generative AI does not infringe intellectual property laws at this point. And there are multiple cases that are being heard, right? And so, I mean, the lawyers and counsels are very concerned that anything you generate in your process are going to violate some sort of laws once those are settled in court. So I'm not sure if you are familiar with that aspect of it. I'm happy to answer that. Sure. Yeah, so I think that I would say that in our experience, there's a broad spectrum of companies and it comes down to kind of the policy and the legal teams and how comfortable they are with different things. So there's some companies like, we just got to be on this now. We can't miss. They're the early adopter companies. There's also organizations we work with like, you know, they're concerned exactly like you are and they're not ready to make that commitment yet and dive in. I think there's a lot of concerns like, I've had discussions with legal teams from different companies. They're thinking about, okay, how do we think about if something was created, who created that? How do we tag that correctly? How do we make sure that we're protected if it gets it wrong and that kind of thing? So some companies are concerned, not every company is concerned about that is the answer. And just to add one more thing, this is part of why Gen AI counsels inside of a company when you're launching because technology is so important. Those counsels always involve a legal team from the company and the tolerance for risk and sort of exactly to your point around, you know, where does this sit relative to case law? Those are the questions that are being tackled by the legal representation of those counsels. So, I mean, I would say that each company is going to be different, like Matt said, but also incorporating that in the early planning of rolling out the technology is a really important step. Thank you. There's a question. Hi. Hi. Thank you for sharing your thoughts this morning. My question is regarding the fact-checking. And I'm going to share my personal experience, which is like, I do use meeting notes with Gemini and Claude. And what happened was, I was looking into my notes and just a very simple mistake that I did with respect to the numbers because there is an accent of somebody who is in the call and number was mistakenly reported into the notes. Right? So, I went back to the app and then I asked that, are you sure this was like number X? It was not Y. And it said, oh, right. Sorry. I missed it. So, I want to understand from your perspective, given that there's a huge amount of information that when the meeting notes is recording, how much human effort it's going to take to do the fact-checking of each and every item there and make sure that whatever is recorded is actually factually right and building on the top of it. Yeah. So, I think there's a couple of things in there, right? The products, Gemini in particular, have built in sort of reference points so you can actually double-check the work there. I would say that in cases where the information is incredibly sensitive and you're very sensitive to that, using a tool like Notebook LM that is grounded in just the data you provide it when it creates a response is a really incredible way to prevent any hallucinations or any sort of divergence from what may be considered ground truth. So, those are sort of two tactics that we're seeing and you'll see this sort of fact-checking and reference information being incorporated all over the product. So, inside the Gemini app, inside Take Notes for Me, it'll reference parts of the transcript. You know, so there's lots of different touch points depending on how you're interacting with the products. So, excuse me. I have a question related to the sharing of notes and information with your organization. I really like the concept that you shared. The one challenge that I think we deal with is the mixed audience that might need to consume some of that information. So, in maybe certain meetings, there's information that's shared that's not necessarily information you want completely shared out broadly. However, you do want some of that information to be, you know, accessible to people. So, how would you deal with that scenario based on the way you've been approaching it today? Great question. I think there's two, three answers to your question. The first is in the controls which are there for Notebook LM today. So, you get to share, do you want to give somebody essentially edit rights to see the sources as well as the chat window itself and, like, the audio generated, what do we call it? The audio, the generated audio as well. Or just access to the chat itself. So, that's one thing. But, of course, you can still retrieve information. There's still private information there. The second thing is that there's work in progress to improve those information boundaries for Notebook LM so that the information in Notebook LM that you have access to is directly connected, just like Google Drive, with the same access for the source documents. So, you've got that connected chain. So, I would suggest that if there is particularly sensitive information, that you may not want to share your notebooks for that information at this point in time. but that is something we're working on improving over time as well. What was the third one? Let's do it, too. I forgot the third one. Hey, thank you again. Sorry. Feedback is weird. For companies that might roll out a couple of different AI platforms, like we use Google for some things. We have Zoom. We are looking at ChatGPT. What do you suggest for a multi-ML system? Well, I'll give you the cheeky answer first, which is just consolidating the Gemini and you won't have that problem. But just in case you don't do that, I think there's a couple things to think about, right? One is you can bring some of that information that you're capturing those other places back into Drive, which will help Gemini actually incorporate that information into responses. The second thing to think about, and again, I'm just going to push on the cheeky comment a little bit, really think about whether or not having multiple point solutions for AI makes sense because what you're actually doing is creating data islands for that information, whether that be a transcript getting generated in Zoom or specific prompts or output that's being done in ChatGPT and then whatever you're doing in Gemini. It's very hard to make sure that all of those things are staying in sync and it creates exposure and risk around the data controls that may exist in those third-party platforms. And so then the real answer to your question, and this talk is not about agent space, but I guess a five-second plug on agent space would be good, but I would look at overarching solutions like agent space that are integrated into the Google environment that help you bridge some of those gaps depending on your use case. I'll add a little bit to that. I think I've worked with companies who are also using multiple tools, and one thing they do is they export all data into BigQuery so they can join the data and create their own dashboards which have a consistent view across that. And of course, there are other third-party tools you could also use to try and collate that. But one of the questions, I think, is how do you think about measuring success or measuring adoption or measuring use in that world? All right. I have the microphone next, so I will go with the next question if that's fine. So thank you very much for all the insights. It was really cool, especially the meeting notes use case. I really liked it. I also do a lot of Gemini rollouts in big enterprises, and I just wondered, because I really like this use case, how do you deal with the recording part? Because in the companies I work with, taking meeting notes is fine, but if you record it, people feel like, okay, now every word I'm saying is monitored somewhere. I don't feel comfortable with this in the meetings. So what is your response there? Maybe you have some great insights there. Yeah, so I never use recording at meetings. When you take notes, it'll generate two artifacts. It will generate the summarized notes, which is a summary of the key bullet points and should be action items. Then it generates a full transcript of who said what. I haven't met anyone who's generally got, sometimes they're like, particularly if there's a lawyer on the call, they're like, hey, I don't want to record it, it's fine. But that's rare. Most of the time, people are like, yeah, we can record what's said in the meeting. But it's less, it's more, when I say record, it's the text transcript. I never actually record the meeting itself most of the time. Okay. And I would add two things to that. One is, the artifacts that are being created by me, transcripts, take notes from me, those are governed by a separate data retention policy. So depending on your company's threshold of risk, again, they can set that retention policy to be completely different from Drive. So that's one dimension of it. The second dimension is, we've made intentional product decisions, especially in meetings, so that anybody can turn this off. So if anybody feels uncomfortable with the information that's being captured by AI or being captured in the transcript, literally everybody has the off button. And so that is an intentional product decision to control for that type of concern. And every company's culture is going to be different, and we understand and acknowledge that. Okay, yeah, I understand. Because the taking meeting notes, you can also say only take meeting notes, not transcribing everything, and that's what I felt like they mostly like more. But, yeah, thank you very much. I have now claimed the microphone. Sorry. Hi. We've recently rolled out Gemini at my workplace, and I'm curious to know if there's a space where there's analytics for adoption. Like, if I could go see, like, hey, the marketing team is really using Google Vids, or HR's not touching Gemini at all. So wondering if that is a tool that's accessible to us. So what's available, one thing is, the Google Workspace system doesn't know who's in your marketing team. So what it does know, though, is it knows the email address of everybody. So there's a report in the admin console where you can say, okay, and it literally lists email address of everybody using it, their level of use, high, medium, and low, or you can look at the number of times on the past 28 days, and it breaks that up across the different products. So the easy way to do is to export that and then join that with whatever from your, from Workday or whatever your HR system is, so that you can get the org chart matched in there. But that's how, and then you aggregate that. Awesome. Thank you. Hi. My name is Ryan. Thank you for a great presentation. When I get back from this expo, I'm going to be pitching my employer on an AI council. I think that's a great suggestion. I wonder if you had any tips for what makes a successful council, who it should consist of, how frequently you meet, how to even get started. You know, there's so many options, so many tools. Where do you begin? Any advice there would be much appreciated. Yeah, I think it depends a lot on your company's structure, but I would say as a rough rule of thumb, just as we were talking about over here, bring the lawyers in. But also, who are the key stakeholders within our organization? It doesn't necessarily mean C-suite. It's folks like IT, HR, you know, those types of groups within the organization who will have a vested interest in this type of technology rolling out. And think about what success looks like for your company in terms of a rollout and how that's empowered. Right? So the reason I mention HR is possibly, you know, there's an HR learning team that would do the training. Right? Or, you know, there are people who are already really passionate about this, and we know this is a real challenge. If there are groups or teams, I will say engineers, maybe, who are already using AI in a moderately unsanctioned fashion, bring them into the fold early, and make them a part of that thinking about how you can have success already. So, again, it really depends on your organization, but it's really just about thinking about where you want to land, and then who are the stakeholders who would contribute to that. Great. Thank you. I would have one more thing that a key thing that I've seen for success is having leadership support. So having some executive who wants it to succeed and will hold the team accountable makes a big difference because otherwise it's kind of a ground-up effort depending on organization can be difficult. People tend to jump much higher when the CTO or the CEO is asking for how are we doing here and wants a monthly feedback. Great. Much appreciated. Thank you. We have time for one more question. Hi. Quick question around Canvas. We have been having a lot of fun using Canvas in our workspace since it was released with Flash to do some AI co-authoring, but recently we've been, since the release of 2.5 Pro, been leveraging Canvas inside the workspace app to basically build little one-off applications like QR code generators and PDF splitters and mergers. So is there any kind of advice or any kind of, I would say, tips that you could give me to pass back to the team to help them spark their creativity? I think we're out of time. I think you're asking are there tips to help spark creativity and spread that? I would say keep an eye on the roadmap around sharing. That's really how we think of spreading that creativity and being able to share things like gems across an organization in order to inspire folks who may not be on the front lines of all that work. But I think we're out of time, but thank you so much, everybody. I appreciate it. We'll be here for a few more minutes if you want to ask us any more questions.