 Good morning, everyone. Seems like quite a lot of us went to the concert yesterday night. I'm Samira, head of Google Cloud Business from UKNI, working for TCS. And here to talk to you all about Virgin Media O2 partnership with TCS and Google Cloud for their cloud-first data strategy. I want to start off with a quote. Our late chairman of Tata Group, he had said, if you want to walk fast, walk alone. But if you want to walk far, walk together. And I think we've seen that over the past three days, walking the corridors of this convention center for sure. But referring back to the enterprise-wide transformation journeys, I think they're so complex in nature that it demands a strong partnership and collaboration to make it successful. And to that end, TCS partnered with Virgin Media O2 and Google Cloud to make this a success. I'd like to invite on stage Vinay Pai, head of data strategy and architecture, Virgin Media O2. Welcome, Vinay. I'd also like to welcome on stage Paola Olivari, Director of Data and Analytics from Google Cloud for UKNI. Welcome, Paola. Thank you. So let's get the ball rolling. And Vinay, I'll start with you. We've been in partnership with each other for about 21-plus years as TCS and Virgin Media O2. And we've embarked on this journey of cloud-first data strategy about six years ago. We've seen everything, NetEaseR to GCP migration to network data lake migration, all kinds of complexities. So what are the challenges that you faced and how did you overcome them? Sure. Sure. It's been an exciting journey, to be honest, especially the partnership and the relationship with TCS as well and working closely with our colleagues from Google. In terms of challenges, you know, there's been quite a few of them. I could talk about our existing challenges in the ecosystem as well as challenges through the journey, as in what were the challenges we faced as part of the transformation program. We had a lot of challenges with our on-premise ecosystem, as in terms of scale or capacity or cost of running the stack, as well as the fact that our data was siloed in multiple data platforms. And it was very hard to join them up together. But those were our on-premises challenges. But as part of this transformation into cloud, that journey itself, we did have a couple of challenges in that journey because of the scale and nature of the work which we are doing and the fact that some of the platforms which we had have been around for 15, 20 years. Right. So unwinding that amount of legacy estate and moving that into cloud native is a fairly bold journey in terms of, you know, taking that decision to say that we are going to get rid of that stack and convert all of that estate into BigQuery native. And that we had some challenges in that. Few of our estate which we had, they were running on literally a black box, as in we did not even know what code base is running. All we know is they're providing some inputs, out pop something. And that functionality has to be moved on to cloud now. So these are some of the challenges which we had in terms of the existing estate and as part of the transformation program. But our focus has been always on building a unified data platform. And that is what we have achieved as part of this transformation. Fantastic. Paula, would you like to add to that talking about how you've seen this emerge across the telecom sector and also various industries? Yes, of course. Well, first of all, it's, as you say, it's a partnership that TCS and VMO2 has had for many, many years. And it was important for Google to be able to work alongside with that partnership over the past six years into that data transformation and establishment of a data strategy in the cloud. It's a challenging journey, as you described it. We learned a lot along the way. I think there's a, we can speak about some of the challenges. We recovered from setbacks. And I think in the context of what we see in the UKI market in particular, certainly telcos, you know, by nature are extremely data rich. They've got a huge potential of exploitation of that data for better insights, better decisions. And also, as a very competitive industry, they have an opportunity really to drive margins and competitiveness with that. The journey to cloud has offered that opportunity, but it's never been, it's not been always easy, particularly because many of those organizations, including yours, has built like their legacy data system over many, many, many years. And as you say, lots of black boxes, lots of systems and dark data that could not be exploited. So it's the challenges that we've seen across the industry in the UK and elsewhere in a place where openly we've seen a lot of success from Google in being part of that transformation from an industry perspective, starting from network data in some cases, in other cases, starting from customer data. But coming to a convergence of the two, that is actually what you have very well described in the session before this one to the audience. Thanks, Paula. I think that was very helpful. From a delivery partnership standpoint, as TCS, I'd just like to add in the challenges that we saw while executing these massive programs. One of them, I remember, was this huge volume increase while we were already on that journey on data with the merger scene going on in the background, code black boxes that we've encountered, and also these niche products that we've discovered on the way. I think we've covered a lot of those curveballs as we moved forward and were very flexible with each other in figuring things out. But one of the critical success factors I've seen for Virgin Media O2 particularly, if I bring in an outside-in perspective, was the fact that you guys had a very strong technology voice that was working with business, bringing them on board and agreeing and having consensus on what's the right outcome out of this journey. I think that was a big thing, and you stayed true to that. And also defining sometimes good enough, right, because you just wanted to move forward fast. I think that good enough definition was also critical for yourselves in alignment to the business requirements. I think that was another one. And lastly, I think, Vinay, you were here in the previous session with Chandu and a lot of other team members on your side. That team was such a strongly infused one team along with Google Cloud Teams as well as TCS who worked with one goal in mind. I think that was very critical because it helped us navigate the challenges with yourselves while we were facing the business off as well as you had an understanding of what we were facing and helped us move forward too. So that was interesting. One of the things which we as a large telco wanted to do was improve our customer experience, and that's really critical because we have various touch points in our journey in terms of every interaction we have with the customer, be it for buying new products or services, or it could be a false which they want to report, or any other things which they want to do. Each of those touch points with the customers, we wanted to make sure that the customer has a really good experience with us. And we also wanted to do a lot of work on personalization so that we can offer them products and services which are fit for what their requirements are, niche requirements as well. So this was one of the key business drivers where we wanted to do. This was one of the key business drivers where we wanted to embark on the cloud journey because it was not possible for us to do those things in our on-premise environment. The other thing which we had was how do we improve our time to market because from a business perspective it is quite important for them to be able to offer new products or launch new capabilities. And that was quite challenging in our existing data ecosystem with all the challenges with on-premises integration which we had. And that faster time to market we have certain key metrics in terms of how soon we can launch products and services. Finally, we've been a large telco. Network data is our largest data asset, but it's also where we spend a huge amount of money as well, right, in terms of investment in our network on a daily basis. So we had to be sure that we were able to optimize that investment both in terms of the fixed line estate as well as our mobile estate. And this is an area where having our data in one place in GCP was a big driver so that we can optimize our investment and make the most out of it. So these were some of our key, I would say, business drivers. From our technology perspective, the vision has always been to create a modern unified data platform which is cloud native as much as we can. And the key aspect of that, the ultimate end goal was how do we enable data democratization. And this is one of the visions which we have as in how do we enable self-service capability so that we can remove the friction from consumption of data. So that people can use data with the right security controls and the right privacy controls and consume that and build new capabilities. And that's where having a good data catalog and all those enrichment of that data was quite critical. And this is one of the key, as I would say, our vision in terms of from a technology perspective. So it's kind of bringing these two things together, the business vision as well as the technology vision to create a unified data platform in cloud, which is cloud native, and provide those capabilities to the business. Because that was the key drivers. Thanks, Vinay. I think you did stay truly aligned with the objective of being cloud native throughout these six years. We've seen that. Moving to you, Paola. What are the trends that you've observed across telcos? Are the imperatives the same? Do you see anything different? And also beyond telecom sector, right? What did you observe? So, yes, absolutely. I think, Vinay, you touched on something which is really important, which is how do you make that customer journey really seamless but also valuable? And how do you ensure that the experience and the opportunity for upsell, cross-sell, and retention is there? So I think we see that as a major trend across all the telco. You can call it, like, customer 360. You can call it single view of the customer. And in a cookie-less world, it becomes even more important to build a strong first-party and third-party data ecosystem that can work together. In that space, what we see as the next frontier, perhaps, is can we start thinking about graph technologies? Can we look at ways of connecting and stitching together this customer journey even better in order to go and identify new audiences, new target markets? So that's definitely one area where we see a lot of opportunity in the telco space. The other area is network data and autonomous networks. We've heard over the past couple of days a lot about agents. We heard about protocols being now made available for agent-to-agent interoperability. Now, imagine a world where those agents or semi-autonomous agents could actually act on behalf of a human or together with a human in optimizing the network, in healing the network when it breaks. And imagine a world where those could actually talk to each other. So we see that as maybe last year we saw that as a vision. This year we see this really as an opportunity that is available to us today, actually, to start working on. Oh, that's fantastic. I'd like to go back to you, Vinay. Yeah. We've done one of the largest Netiza to GCP migrations globally. So how was that journey for you and what did you face there? Would you like to throw some light on that? Sure. Just to give some context on this question, right, the setup which we had in VMO2 on Netiza, this was the largest data platform which we had in the organization. Also, from a physical infrastructure perspective, this is the largest physical stack which IBM could ever sell. I mean, we were on that scale of it and we couldn't grow any further as in this is what it is, right? And our data is still growing. So we had literally nowhere to go, actually, in that sense, right? But if you look at the fact that we have been using Netiza for probably about 15, more than 15 years, actually, and it has been so embedded in our infrastructure, right, from all the source data which we get till all the BI platforms which use it, all the operational systems and different integration technologies which are used behind the scene to bring data in and bring data out, lots of different design patterns using on top of it, trying to convert all of that 15 years of legacy, you know, into a new shiny cloud native architecture. It was really hard work. And I think the other challenges which we had was today, for example, if you are embarking on a big journey like that, there's lots of accelerators you get out of the market which will convert your code using AI technologies and everything. But four years ago, I mean, it was not that available. I mean, you didn't have all those tools out of the box. I mean, the most which we had at that time was schema conversion, as in, here's how a table looks on Netiza. You could convert it into how it will look on BigQuery, right? Code conversion was not available. What that meant is somebody had to literally manually convert a lot of code, right? That's a huge cost and huge effort. And then you have to test, make sure that, you know, the systems are producing the same data. But not only that, this is a running system. So if you are deploying something, you have to make sure that it's producing the same outcome. And you can't do a one full big bang deployment. You have to provide some value through the journey. And then you have to make sure that you're iterating through it. So those were really complicated business decisions. And then on top of it, we also have various financial and auditing controls on top of our data, SOX compliance and everything. So you have to make sure that all your data complies with that regulation. And you can pinpoint exactly what data you are producing in the source system originally versus what you have now. That was quite challenging. That's fantastic to know. Actually, I remember talking to the delivery teams on your side and ours around these three years ago and the kind of pressure we had in navigating that journey together. You recently also completed network data migration to GCP as of last quarter, right? So do you want to talk something about that? Yeah, sure. So when Virgin Media and O2 came together, I also inherited a large network data warehouse platform. It's the largest one which we had within our ecosystem, about 600 nodes of Hadoop cluster running. And the volume of data is just far too much as well. It's all network events happening in real time. And while we were in the middle of that program, we also had a switchover from 4G to 5G, which meant that the amount of data we were getting roughly quadrupled effectively. And this particular system which we were dealing with, it was looking at ingesting about, just one of those applications was ingesting about 80 terabytes of data per day and 2.5 million events per second. And we had to do real-time enrichment, as in data is coming in real time, you have to join it in real time, transform it, and provide it in real time. That was probably one of the biggest use cases which we had, where we used BigQuery and Dataflow together. And we had a lot of support from our Google PSO team as well, who helped in some of the fine-tuning of the code, because we were literally kind of edging out on the boundaries of how much it can do and how much it can process and a couple of failures, where we had a lot of support from the Google team. In terms of additional best practices or new fine-tuning techniques, which they helped with us. But we were fortunate enough that we could complete the program in time and in budget. And it was probably one of the biggest successful transformation which we have done so far. Absolutely. I think we came out with a lot of ingestion frameworks, reusables throughout that journey, which would stay relevant for quite a long time ahead as well. From a partnership standpoint, Vinay, what is the value that you see? Because this is an interesting space that we are in right now of working together. How did we do in the past six years in catching up with speed as well as agility, as the times demanded? Sure. So VM, O2, and DCS, right, we have been in a partnership for 21 years now. Although the data journey is more newer in that sense, for the last six years which we have been working on this transformation program. Specifically to this transformation program, we have been working closely from day one, I think. Right from the beginnings of, I remember those days with our colleagues from DCS where we were discussing about building the roadmap. How do we, what are the platforms? And even doing the discovery and analysis because even that itself was a big piece of work. What can we transform in what sequence? What is the logical sequence to do that and everything? Then there was a lot of help in terms of working out the architectural possibilities. We were, I would say, obsessed with cloud native. So, of course, there were challenges, you know, working out something like converting a big net user stack into cloud native is not that easy. But it stayed to our ground and a lot of help from both DCS as well as our Google colleagues. I think the key points to call out would be where DCS also brought in a lot of accelerators. As I said, you know, going back in that early parts of the journey, there wasn't much on the ground in terms of automated code conversion. And there was a lot of work involved in doing or converting all of that stack. And those accelerators from DCS in terms of taking the data, taking the schema, converting the code, all of that helped as well. And the final one, I think, which I would like to call out was the work done jointly between DCS and Google in terms of the generic frameworks which we built. Because what we have seen in the journey is there's a lot of common design patterns, as in we want to take data from A to B, ingest data from a particular source. Or once it is inside BigQuery or inside GCS, we want to transform that in a specific way, right? These are not unique. These are not unique problems. We want to do that. We want to do that in and out in a consistent way. So we can make it more as a factory model. That's the kind of frameworks which we built over a period of time in this journey. That's where DCS has been quite helpful in building those assets because these are our assets in terms of future programs as well. Absolutely. And with the kind of volume of data post-merger, definitely I'm looking forward to leveraging that together ahead. Indeed. Paula, do you have anything to add to that? Yeah, look, I think this is a brilliant example, actually, of how the partnership between Google Cloud Professional Services and system integrators like yourselves and a customer can really work at best. At Google, we do have some migration capabilities and tooling, but that is cookie cutter. It doesn't always work for everything. It needs to have the expertise of those who have understood the platform for a long time. We can bring that element of professional services to help out with some of the edge cases and the challenges. Really, the sweet spot is when we can work together and create those bespoke to your world and your environment repeatable assets for migrations, accelerators, frameworks, ingestion frameworks, that then can be reused within your environment, within the safety and security posture that you have. That's really where we see the sweet spot of the partnership with yourselves and with professional services. Thank you. And also the lessons learned across the board that we bring together when we are coming into partnerships like these. Vinay, to you, how do you see the future of the telecom sector evolving? That's a very difficult question. I wish I could answer that easily. I mean, predicting the future is probably the most difficult question, but you can see some trends as in, you know, if you have listened to the keynote, you know, two days ago, there is so much of stuff happening on the AI side. So the rise in AI is going to be one big change, a big factor in terms of adoption, especially in the telecom sector. There is so many use cases we have, right, from predicting falls, network expansion, fraud detection. All of these use cases will be heavily impacted by AI. So that's one big change which is going to have a difference. But at the same time, I think the way we think is that it's not about just the change from that sense. It's about helping our teams, the humans in the loop, to make them more productive as well. So that's one of the key aspects of it from an AI perspective. The other thing which is happening, just started to happen, is about network as a service. So that's gaining a lot of traction as well within the UK. And then finally, IoT expansion, as in we are seeing that, you know, telecom companies are now acting as a hub for transiting all of that data from an IoT perspective. And there's lots of opportunities in that space, which we are seeing as a trend from a telco perspective. Sure. Google to you now. Google announced their expansion into the cloud wide area network space. So what are your views on that? And also, of course, Vinay, please feel free to add. What do you think about it too? Thank you for picking up on that. I think this is a space of really where the partnership comes together at its best because there is opportunity for all actors to win in this space, right? So there is certainly a desire to have a deeper partnership in the network space in order to make the most of technology capabilities that Google may have, but also of the infrastructure and footprint that the telco provide. Sure. What about you, Vinay? What do you think? I think it's all about partnership the way I see it. It's like how an ISP can help Google together, kind of, you know, in terms of helping our customers together as a B2B market. So there is great potential over there, definitely. Yeah. While B2C remains with yourselves, you partner with Google on B2B. On the B2B side. Fantastic. All right. So how would organizations want to prepare themselves with the advent of all these new technologies? There were new announcements on BigQuery. There was so much that was announced. And, of course, you know, there is the whole Gen.AI piece as well. How can organizations prepare themselves? I think the last couple of years have been really interesting and telling because as Generative AI, you know, made its grand entrance in our lives a couple of years ago, a lot of experimentation, POC, you know, little data sets being created for the purpose of demonstrating the value of the technology have really shown how the importance of having a solid data foundation is the only way to actually scale those use cases. So in terms of preparing for the future, I think what you at VMO2 have done and are continuously doing is really setting yourselves up for success, whether it is in the space of traditional AI, which continues to be relevant, but also in the space of Generative AI and now agents and agent behavior. The reality is those agents still need to work on a really clear understanding of the data that underpins that. So a semantic layer, you can call it, or a framework for understanding this metadata from a business standpoint is really key to that success. So it's hard work, as you probably have experienced over the years, but that's really foundationally important to succeed in this space. Oh, wonderful, wonderful to know. I think, Vinay, you've defined the data strategy over the past six years for VMO2. So what's next for VMO2 now? Quite a few things. As you've seen in the previous session, I said, you know, we have been pivoting away from a platform modernization into a data modernization journey. Now that all our code platforms are running in GCP and cloud native, the next steps which we are doing on is like how do we get more value out of our investments? So a few things which we have in the pipeline is the core thing is from an AI perspective as well, you need to have a really good data catalog. So that's a foundational work which I started off. Alongside that, we are also working on a few critical aspects of creating a data contracts in the organization and putting the importance back into data quality and observability because unless people can trust the data, they cannot use it well. And that governance is quite important. So data quality, observability, and data contracts, some of these are the key critical pillars, you know, which we are working on. But eventually the end goal is like, you know, how do we democratize access to that data and make it available as a self-service stuff via marketplace or any of those other tools. So that's the vision for the next couple of years. Okay. So there is work that you're setting up for us when I head. Yeah, sure. That doesn't finish. And hopefully some of the things that we have announced and you've seen in the last couple of days can help you in that. Because data agents are a form of agent or when it comes to data quality or lineage and discovery that can really help and assist in that. I would say not always very glamorous job that is updating a data catalog or ensuring like strong data quality foundations. It is that foundation, right? Without that, you cannot really use the data. Absolutely. Thank you so much, Viney and Paula. Both of you have been wonderful on stage with us here. I'd just like to say in conclusion that if you want to undertake customer-centric innovation journeys, data modernization journeys, then partnership is the way to go. So thank you so much. All the enthusiasts who've joined us today and we wish you luck ahead in your journeys. Thank you. Thank you.