 All right, welcome everybody. Thank you so much. We're so excited to be here today to take you through the latest of all the innovation we have planned for the Looker platform. My name is Sean Zinsbeister. I'm one of the product leads and developer relations leads for data and analytics for Cloud BI. And I'm welcomed by a great speaker group today, including my fellow Googler, Peter Bayless, VP of engineering, and our customer spotlight, Prashant Hurya from Unilever, to take really through the story of their transformation with Google Cloud, BI, and Looker. All right, we have an action-packed agenda for you today. But first, really, really quick audience poll. How many people in the audience today are current Looker customers? Raise your hand. Yes. Welcome. Welcome to the community. What about Looker Studio customers? Raise your hand. All right. Just as we're unifying the products, we're bringing the communities together as well. And I'll assume if you didn't raise your hand, you're just an avid BI fan and you're ready to see some really cool things. All right. So why are we here? Despite years and years of innovation in the BI era, the problem remains a human-scale problem. There just aren't enough data experts and analysts to throw at all of the questions that surface from your business. So our mission at Google is how do we make analytics as easy as your favorite app and as scalable as Google search? Why is it that it's so easy for us to access information in our personal lives, but yet still so stymied and so wrought with friction in the enterprise as well? And this is the mission that we're on. And we're excited to be at this moment in time, which is like no other, as we try to harness the power, the transformative power that is embarked on us in analytics, which is generative AI. To melt away complicated UX and make BI simple, approachable, and more accessible for everybody. And there are three big additions to the analytics layer when it comes to Looker that we're going to cover today. So let's get started. The first is we've unified studio in Looker, what we call Looker reports. We have brought an entirely new enterprise reporting system, visualization engine, and what we call Google easy self-service for all Looker customers. We also infused the entire platform for all users with Gemini and Looker, including conversational analytics and a number of AI assistants to help you free from the data level of BI and data work. And finally, underpinned by Looker's key difference, which is governed BI in a robust open semantic model. We'll talk about how that's become even more important in the era of Gen AI. So with Studio and Looker, we're bringing together the best of both worlds. Looker's always been known for governed BI, a constrained view, trusted metrics. But we've been missing that other half of the Venn diagram. That's where Studio and Looker and our unification that bring you Looker reports completes the picture. It's self-service. It's visualization. It's beautiful. It looks great. I can't wait to show you in just a few. Looker has also been very dedicated to what we call an open platform approach here at Google Cloud. We recognize that as great and exciting as our Looker BI tools are, that your organizations use many different modes of analytics, including spreadsheets, which try as we might in the BI industry, they're just not going out of style. It's still really important. If you're in FinOps, you know who you are. You're still using these today. The great thing is, is that because the Looker semantic model is open, you can connect it to your entire enterprise BI system. Give your users the style that they want and preference that they need. Meet them where they are at work. That could be in spreadsheet-based BI via Google Sheets. It could be in Looker. Of course, also in your other BI tools as well. We also have an open framework if you have a JDBC endpoint for future consumption needs as well. Of course, what a lot of the buzz is about is conversational analytics. How do you answer that question beyond the dashboard? Everybody has been in this moment, if you're an analyst, what happens? You give a dashboard to somebody, there's more questions, and then they want more filters, and then they want more filters, and more filters, and now the dashboard's slow, and now everyone's sad. So, analysts, less BI tickets, reduce the BI backlog. For business users, you can answer this yourself. It's safe to use as well. That's important because the metrics are trusted. Again, if your foundation is flimsy on data, it doesn't matter how incredibly intuitive the user experience is. No one's going to use it if you don't trust the data. It starts from there. So, we're excited about where we're unleashing this new kind of consumption mechanism with conversational analytics. All right. So, a quick view of our roadmap in three chapters. There's three major releases that we're going to cover today, and then I'm going to take a break from the slides where I'm more comfortable and just show you this in a live product demo. So, we're going to show you Looker Reports, all new visualization system for enterprise reporting and self-service. We'll show you some of the great features we have in Gemini and Looker. And of course, for Looker developers, I talked about that foundation. We acquired a company called Spectacles last year. Many of you are customers of them to give deeper continuous integration. Bring the software engineering practices to analytics. Deeper SQL validation. Get those errors before they hit your end users and so much more. Watch this roadmap. It's going to be exciting. All right. With that, if we could switch over to the demo station, please. What I'm going to do is I'm going to start by showing you a quick tour of the Looker Unified platform. And starting here with my Looker Reports. These look great. They're really easy to use. Remember, I always say that when it comes to analytics, humans are visual. We want these to really be interactive. And everything is meant to be intuitive and looks great. And it's all under one view. So, everything is a unified content management system. Of course, it also is adding a lot of key features that, while small, to many people are huge for BI users. Things like pagination. Very easy for me to be able to build a report with multiple pages. Our modern charts. We recently made generally available a whole new visualization system that, while may look subtle, if you really know visualization, all those little details matter. The line charts with its gradients, like the different forms of charts. And you'll start to see an expansive charting library from us as well. Of course, Looker Reports also give you access to things like more advanced visualization types like Google Maps as well. Let me show you a little bit more as we go into the properties and data. More expansive data types. You can do data blending on the fly. So, I can bring in those Excel spreadsheets and blend them for ad hoc use cases right on the charting canvas. The other thing is being able to build intuitive controls for your users. Multiple drop downs. This is what I call it Google Easy. It's workspace familiar. If users are familiar with docs and Google Slides, they will know how to use Looker Reports. The UX is very familiar. It's all very drag and drop. It's what allows you to build interactive reports, like if you need for calendars and things like that. And a quick demonstration to show you the power of drag and drop. Here I have a stacked bar chart with just a quick copy paste. You can also see a quick peek at where our charting library is starting to expand. Watch this space. We want this place to be your number one place to go to for your visualizations. And with just a click, you can change this on the fly to an advanced chart type. Really, really fast. Really, really easy. Let's go back to our Looker home page because in addition to Looker Reports, I also mentioned that we are adding what we call conversations. So, conversational analytics is going to allow you to take advantage if you're a current Looker customer. All those explorers that you've built, those pre-joined views, you can actually then go ahead and you can connect directly to them. Or you can build what's called an agent. An agent allows you to build a custom agent experience for your users very, very quickly. And I'll show you what this looks like if I edit this. Okay. This is our editing pane. I give it a name. I give it a description. This metadata doesn't really matter in the model, but down here is where the magic starts to happen. This is where I can personalize things. So, here I've just given a couple of quick bullets. This is an executive audience. So, please keep it short. Please use bullets. Very polite. Only show data from a certain timeline as well. And then we can go ahead and create a conversation. I'm just going to grab a prompt that I have prepared for y'all. Okay. This is a supply chain use case. And what we're looking at, this is my favorite part of demoing these types of things, is that I can step away and let the agent just do its work. We're looking at different distribution centers. I want to know what the top three are. I also want to know what are the products that are surging from these? What are we shipping? And what you're going to actually start to see is the agent is going to take my prompt and it's going to break it down, query by query, step by step. And it's going to start to chart this automatically for me as well. And let me show you exactly the type of reasoning. So, you can see the thinking that it's gone through. Let it finish up its last prompt here. If we go back up, you'll actually start to see each and every query. So, it started. These are the top three. We offer transparency. There, it just finished. And you can see there's my nice little executive summary at the bottom as well. So, the agent formatted everything appropriately. At any point in the journey, I can scroll up and I can see how the agent actually produced what we asked it to do. It also integrates directly with explore mode. So, I can actually go into explore if you're familiar with it. Great way for you to visualize with drag and drop your data model or view. Here you go. I can get right back down to the SQL level. Here's my results. My filters are pulled through. You know, we call this non-stop analytics. We want to be modeling the type of product that you would use that is iterative in the analytics journey. All right. So, that's conversations and local reports. Two amazing new features. If we could go back to the deck for me, please. More demos. We'll be on the way when my friend Peter Bayless joins us on stage in just a little bit. We can go back to the slides. There you go. And if we could get that in full screen mode for me, that would be wonderful. Okay. Thank you so much. Continuous integration. This is where we're bringing spectacles to developers. You will be able to then get deeper validators. All this coming into preview directly after next. Really excited to bring it to you. We're also going deeper with Looker Core on Google Cloud. This is the made for Google Cloud Enterprise BI. We're going deeper into integration for things like security, operational management. So, you can really unlock the full power of the Google Cloud platform with your Enterprise BI. And of course, we're all about giving you the power as developers, the ability to build your own experiences. Our new conversational analytics API works directly with the Looker semantic layers. You can build your own chat agent for your business. You can also embed conversational analytics that I showed you as well. If you just need something as easy as like an iframe, very, very fast to market options. And of course, the new addition to our spreadsheet-based BI family is the ability to connect your semantic layer to Excel. Connected sheets on Google Sheets is one of our fastest growing use cases. It continues to grow exponentially every single year. But now, we'll be able to reach those Microsoft Office users in Excel as well to give you more choice. All right. With that, a lot more to come on the product side. But what I really like to do is take the opportunity to introduce our amazing customer champion from Unilever to really walk you through their transformation story and how they're using the power of Google Cloud and BI to transform their business. So without further ado, I'd like to introduce Prashant Huria to join me on stage. Hi, everybody. My name is Prashant Huria and I'm the Chief Digital Technology Officer for our Customer Development and Sales Route to Market Operations globally. And this is working. There we go. Super. So I'm really excited here to explain how we've transformed our overall distributed trade channel with the help of Google. But before I do that, just a little bit about Unilever, which I'm sure many of you already know with all the products that you probably use in your everyday life. So we have five business groups called the BGs. We distribute our products to 190 different countries around the world. And every day, I would say close to half the world's population uses our products. And some of these examples you can see here on the screen. So we have home care, which is Omo detergent, comfort fabrics, softener, sunlight detergent, Domestos, Sif, Purcell. We have personal care. I'm sure a lot of you use Dove, Rexona and Axe deodorants. Beauty and well-being business group has dermatology, liquid IV, Vaseline, Polar's Choice, Clear. And of course, ice cream. Who loves ice cream? Raise your hands. Oh, very few people. So we have Ben & Jerry's, Magnum's, Breyer's, and of course, foods business group. That's Kanoor. These soups and stock cubes you have, Hellman's mayonnaise and Holix and many other products. So today, I'm going to talk how we've actually used digital to get these products into the hands of every day of our consumers and customers like you and I. So let me just start by introducing a little about distributive trade. I only started to learn about this four years ago. My background's really coming from biopharma and I knew nothing about distributive trade and sort of in some of this college general trade or even fragmented trade. It's a key route to market in emerging and developing markets in Asia and Latin America. So our customer in distributive trade, as you see on the screen, is really a small and fragmented mom and pop retailer. So there are millions of these outlets in any one country and they're often scattered around the country, more often than not in rural areas. And they are the backbone of their communities and families providing daily necessities to those living in the proximity while providing an additional sort of income stream to support their families. And we serve these retailers through a network of distributors, thousands of these, and business partners that resell the Uleaver products to these retailers and provide other services like fulfillment of those orders, order capture and advisory and growing the category and so on. Regardless, the challenges faced by these retailers are all common. They're reliant on the sales rep coming in once or twice a week, spending five to ten minutes per store as a small store, and they're basically taking the orders. They worry about getting the best prices and promotions when buying the products so they can obviously maximize their margins. They are unsure of the right products to stock, and they cannot afford because of the small size of the space that they have. So they can't afford to carry slow moving products. And of course, the larger ones, they care about the depth of their assortment that they carry. And they sometimes face also unreliable fulfillment because of poor roads and infrastructure in some of the developing markets that we operate in, which leads to obviously stock outs and order cancellations and so on. So with all this in mind, we set off on our digitization journey to address all of these pain points to ultimately provide a better service for our customers. Our digitization journey actually started 10 years ago. Back in sort of 2013, we initially began to digitize where we invested quite a lot of money in SAP ISR and Newspage and few other distributor management systems. It's quite niche. We aim to streamline all the manual processes and focus on providing visibility into our distributor operations. At the same time, we also began experimenting with e-commerce. An example was something we set up in India called Hamara Shop, which connected shoppers and these mom and pop retailers in their area. We then, of course, COVID happened and we rode the wave of COVID at an accelerated pace to digitize. And there we experimented aggressively with different business models. On one hand, we had our e-root to market model in India called Shikhar, which is quite popular and famous in India, which has now over 1 million onboarded stores, which allows retailers to basically place orders by themselves and the distributors service them. We also tried marketplace models like Compragora that still exist in Brazil, where we would offer the full branded CPG assortment. So not only Unilever, but other CPG non-compete products for all outlets. So regardless of the model, we will laser focus on those challenges of these retailers and how each of the model could address. And we had other business models as well that we tried. Since 2023, fast forward now where we are, we've been converging to one global platform which we built, effectively ground up. Starting with six Asian markets, so Vietnam, Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia, but also Pakistan and Bangladesh. Alongside, of course, Brazil that also uses the same platform, but a completely different business model. This platform is the culmination of all our learnings over the last 10 years. And we believe it will transform distributive trade, unlike any other CPG company has done before. And today we already have five markets live, six if you count Brazil, which serves over half a million retailers and enables seven and a half million euros of sales on a daily basis. And this is going to become 1.2, 1.3 million by the end of this year, in terms of the number of retailers we have. So it will eventually have the largest mom and pop store retailer database in the world, you can imagine. Our digital vision for the platform is anchored around three pillars. One is all around digitizing the distributor operations, which effectively is to create agility and responsiveness in that supply chain. This is achieved through a new distributor management system. Also, effectively, it's ERP, but for distributors, which will digitize and automate all the critical processes. It's already live across some of these markets. We also have a deepened adoption of a transportation management system, which transforms fulfillment processes for these distributors to make it much more dynamic and cost efficient. And then secondly, we elevate and personalize the eB2B experience. So that's super important because this is where we are deploying advanced analytics across the retailer purchase journey, which allows us to then deploy targeted nudges to drive engagement, as well as personalizing promotions and the overall user experience to convert basically more and enable more targeted promotions and hyper-personalized campaigns. Finally, we aim to deploy artificial intelligence and machine learning driven execution in several of these use cases, all the way from sharpening our existing assortment recommendation model, allowing our sales rep to effectively really only focus on the most relevant products in the cohort of the stores that they go to and leverage image recognition capabilities as well to support merchandising efforts in the retailers, driving effectively on-shelf availability as well as sales. So to enable this, we basically partnered with Google right from day one to use Looker as our business intelligence platform, but build, of course, on Google Cloud. And through our BI platform, we aim to provide users, both within and outside of Unilever, with ready access to real-time insights to enable better decision making. Similar to our focus on the retailer pain points, we took exactly the approach. Our internal customers effectively, we designed the entire platform by starting with the key users and the business of and the business questions that they would need to be answered. So, for example, the head of customer development or sales within a market would want to know the overall sales performance, but also, you know, underlying drivers and which levers that they can pull to really make difference to the performance that they need to. An executive within our digital selling hub, which is effectively e-commerce operations to drive online engagement would want to ensure that we are also focusing our efforts and the marketing investments to the highest value retailers. So the first, we basically have a broad suite of reporting and analytics capabilities within the platform, ranging from, as I mentioned earlier, assortment recommendations to executional reporting dashboards, indicating the sales performance across the sales hierarchy that we have. So I'm going to talk about just two of the many, many use cases that we have for Looker. So one is the sales cross-lens self-service BI platform that effectively democratizes data and gives it in the hands of the power users in the sales teams to create their own personalized dashboards and the experience on the fly. The tool also provides sales insights with filters and multiple sort of drill downs to slice and dice at the lowest granularity. And then a migration dashboard that we created to bring everybody from the old platform onto the new platform and look at basically all the adoption metrics on ground, how they were doing in terms of the highest value retailers and tracking their performance both before and after the migration. And I'm super, super excited with what Sean showed earlier, because all of those things is where we are now heading to next once we've got all of these foundation capabilities in place. So talking about the first use case, sales cross-lens dashboard basically goes beyond just the sales reporting, and it helps analyze all the underlining drivers, as I mentioned earlier, loyalty, assortment, online availability, fulfillment, et cetera. And in addition to helping the sales team drive basically higher sales and productivity in their operations in the markets, the near-time, real-time insights help them to make course corrections basically on the ground to drive better execution. The dashboard also comprehensively tracks all of the metrics, so number of bills, average order value, number of lines sold, and it's very flexible in terms of drill down and roll-up capabilities from individual distributors that distribute our products, who basically the sales force works for, and outlets to regional and national levels. And one of the critical use cases of this data is to analyze outlet-level sales orders and drive much higher retailer self-ordering on the global eB2B platform. So you have to understand that the self-ordering in these stores is very, very low because, A, that they are, you know, technology sort of reluctant or illiterate, and, B, because they are used to the sales rep going to basically take their orders every week. And so one of the key things is that we want to drive that much higher. And by allowing users to create their own custom dashboards in the self-service mode, we've then reduced completely the manual efforts that goes behind the scenes in terms of report creation and also the reliance on the local tech teams or external partners that they have. So that's completely gone. This also allows us to move away then from these fragmented reports to centralize all of our reporting and, most importantly, the standard KPIs on the Looker platform. The second use case is really around the adoption of the eB2B platform itself by retailers, which is a key metric that we monitor as an indicator of the success of the overall digitization of the program. And we believe that digitally adopted retailers basically engage better with our brands, and that drives greater loyalty and higher sales effectively. And so this migration dashboard that I mentioned earlier allows us to basically study how we are migrating, and also we can look at the impact of the platform on their performance. With the dashboard, we've been able to effectively identify the distributors in the different regions, what problems they were, what were the roadblocks or the challenges, and then it allows us to deploy the right change management behaviors in a very, very targeted manner, which can range from physical resources being deployed to drive education and adoption to campaigns to push them to download more apps or onboard better across the entire funnel, basically. So this is a game of scale, effectively. And so you need something like that to really make that happen. And the dashboard is critical to roll out across all of these Southeast Asian markets and other emerging markets because it's accelerated that rollout from one year and three months from our original plan to less than six months. So this plays a very critical role in giving the confidence. And then obviously all the markets have started to move really fast. And of course, it gives all of the performance in the hands of the operators on the ground. And that contributes to over 80% of the business in these markets, basically, because the distributive trade channel in most of these markets is over 50%. So I'm confident that this is not just a temporary dashboard. And that's why I showed the use case, because as we roll out to all of the other 35 markets that are in scope, I think this will be instrumental as we roll that out. So moving away from the use cases and towards an overall architecture view, of course, it's built on Google Cloud and Looker sits on top. But this is part of the entire ecosystem of a very, I would say, complicated architecture where we have used platforms of platforms. And we are partnering, obviously, with Google across that end-to-end data architecture. And I'm really glad. It was a risky decision because Unilever originally was a real wall-to-wall Microsoft house. So I think to put Google Cloud and the Looker capability on top is a risk, but it's a risk that's well paid off. And our data sources here, if you see from the left, I think it includes Google Analytics for user and retailer insights, Magento, which is effectively Adobe Commerce, Backbone, as well as our distributor management system or ERPs. And we then leverage the Google Cloud to host all of this data, all the data quality, data flow, orchestration capabilities of the cloud. And finally, then all of this data is made available to Looker. And with all the amazing innovations that now are going to come, hopefully we'll move not just from execution and reporting analytics, but to conversational analytics. And I'm really excited about that. And then, of course, it also drives search and recommendations on the app itself. And so some of the key real benefits is, as I mentioned earlier, speed to market. Second is ease of data connectivity across applications because we have multiple platforms and some legacy systems as well, like ERPs, as well as scalability of large volumes of data, especially if we aim to onboard three times the retailers that we have or two and a half times retailers by the end of the year. So looking ahead, we are super excited to continue to work with Google in embedding all these new AI into our business intelligence capabilities. And we've now got this strong foundation with descriptive analytics. And very quickly now, we are excited to push the boundaries towards AI-driven and much more predictive analytics. And the goal is to effectively move into an AI-enabled one-stop shop anything linked to data and insights for distributive trade, including use cases such as all the AI-driven recommendations that a salesperson and a sales team can address to drive sales or platform adoption, as well as the conversational analytics to help our users arrive at the right data or insights from it without having to even create a custom report. So super excited about the future, what the future holds and the digital platform and the capabilities, but also for distributive trade in Unilever overall. Thanks for the opportunity. And I'll pass back to you, Peter. Thank you. Thank you. All right. We'd love to close the session by talking a little bit about what we've been up to in AI for BI. Sean gave us a teaser with the Conversational Analytics demo. We want to go one step deeper and tell you a little bit more about what's on the roadmap for this critical part, BI evolution. So the past year, we've gone all in on agents. What this means is we have Gemini, Gemini 2.0, soon 2.5, as an incredible reasoning engine for taking questions about data and decomposing them into complex multi-step plans that it can execute at enterprise scale. What we've been hard at work on the Looker engineering team is making Gemini great at working with data to enable what we think are some pretty mind-blowing product experiences that make data more accessible to everyone. So let's dig in. First, we know that one of the most critical parts of taking Gen.AI from a prototype or a cool demo to scaled deployment in enterprise is accuracy. We've been working very closely with our colleagues in research and at DeepMind to go and ensure that our models are some of the best in the world at querying data. At visualizing data. At pulling in enterprise context. One of the amazing things about building Gen.AI and agents inside of Looker is that, as you all know, when you build a dashboard, the same people come to the same dashboards day after day, week after week. By training Gemini how to grab all of that context, all of that usage data, when a customer comes with a question and a user comes with a question, users that ask similar questions, Gemini can learn from them and produce really high-quality results. One of the most exciting parts about building agents inside of Looker is that Looker's got the semantic layer. And in our internal benchmarks, we see, by training Gemini to use Looker, a 42% accuracy improvement using Looker, as opposed to going just the raw data. This is super important and foundational to what we see as the future of AI and BI when you really want to be right with your answers. And frankly, many of the folks in the audience are watching this recording, you want to be right when you put this in front of your stakeholders, your CEO, your customers. So unpacking that a bit more, why the semantic layer is so important, if you consider a question like this, forecast growth for our highest ACV customer segments last year, these are concepts that Gemini knows about. Gemini is pretty smart about just about everything, from ACV to the Byzantine Empire. When it goes to your data and your business, how do you define ACV? Is it ACV based on bookings? Is it ACV based on revenue? Are you including services? Are you including margin? How does your stakeholder want to interpret ACV? Well, with the semantic layer, you have a gold standard, ground truth you can have Gemini use. It doesn't have to think about ACV on its own. It can go and use that definition of ACV in the semantic layer. It can use that definition of growth. It can use that definition of segments, how you define SMB, how you define enterprise, how you define digital natives. It doesn't have to guess. It turns out it's also really useful for Gemini to spend all of its time thinking about how to best answer your question and less time thinking about how to do joins or casting your data or doing any case statements. Looker takes care of that. And this is a beautiful combination. Gemini calling Looker and citing its sources in Looker. And our experience can result in a two-thirds reduction in data errors for these types of conversational experiences. That's a huge deal. On the other hand, building a semantic layer is not easy. Okay? One of the things I hear overwhelmingly from customers, it's a lot of work to go and create LookML. That's why we're continuing to invest in automatic semantics generation. So, our work in automatic semantics generation essentially allows non-LookML experts to start to build semantic models. Think about bronze, silver, gold in your data warehouse. You can get a bronze quality model out of Gemini. You can go and further refine. Once your data experts, your LookML experts have validated this, you can market as such. And for those data experts, this is like having that assistant to go and write most of the LookML for you and really reduce development time. Maybe my favorite functionality here, as you may know, Gemini's multimodal takes in. You can talk to it. You can give it images. You can give it stuff that's not natural language. You can give it SQL. You can draw an ER diagram, an entity relationship diagram on a napkin. Give it to Gemini. It'll give you some LookML. That is amazing. And to show you this in action, hand it over to my friend, Sean. Awesome. So, we can switch over to the demo station for me. So, Peter gave a great introduction about how we are reimagining the automation of a semantic model. And so, here what we've done is we've got our data set here already in our connection to BigQuery. I've given it some instructions. So, I'm a marketing manager for an e-commerce clothing company. So, he's giving it some context right out of the gate. And go to the next phase. It's taking a lot of the metadata and schemas that it already detects in BigQuery. You've already done the work in the data cloud. Why should you have to redo it? So, we're detecting that. We're also going to extend this into Dataplex, the BigQuery data catalog, as well. So, it's detected these are the tables that are going to be interesting to me. So, I can go ahead and continue. And as Peter said, what also is really important about context is being able to extend this to multimodal. So, here what we've done is we've put an image of a Tableau dashboard as well as one of our SQL files for additional context. I can click done. I can give it some additional instructions if I want. And what you're going to go ahead and see is that Gemini is going to go ahead and create the LookML model with all of that context automatically for me as a base model. And what is a base model? So, it includes the Explorer. It's got my join relations. And it's got a number of the views right here down below. But that's not all. AI has actually done something very clever here, as well. So, if I go into my view file, you'll start to see that it's also automated some of the very useful metadata based upon my role. So, it's taken things like, well, hey, I noticed that you had first and last name. Let's just add full name for you, as well, because you probably want to run that analysis. It's given us a dimension as an adult. It's also broken things down in our product side where it can automatically calculate profit for me. This model is ready to use right out of the box. You can have a conversation with it. You can use it in Explorer. You can build a beautiful Looker report as well. So, that's our vision coming later this year for automated semantic model generation. Peter, back over to you. All right. Fantastic, Sean. This type of Gemini-powered LookML authoring coupled with Looker reports addresses one of the biggest pain points we hear, which is the hurdle gets started with Looker. Now, you can upload data and slice and dice in Looker reports. You have Gemini helping you write those LookML models, essentially getting you as much semantics as you want and leveraging all the semantics that are available when you do your Gen AI. Pretty amazing. We are so all in on Gemini and Looker. We're excited to announce Gemini and Looker is coming to all Looker editions. You run Looker in a hosted environment. We'll announce Looker Core, Looker Original. On any cloud, you will now have access to Look, Gemini, and Looker. This is foundational to the future of Looker. We believe that all Looker editions should have access. Moreover, we think this is super powerful. We're expanding where Gemini and Looker arrives for users. We're going to meet users where they are. Gemini and Looker conversational analytics will be available in your dashboards. If you have a question, don't ask your analyst as your first step. Go ask Looker. Similarly, for your Looker reports, same functionality. And starting very soon with Explorers, if you're drilling into Explorer, you don't want to continue that drill path. You just want to get your answers or don't want to think about what fields to go and select or what pivots to go and run, you'll be able to start a conversation. Putting Gemini where users are, starting with the Looker user experience. I'm also excited to announce our code interpreter functionality. This is pretty awesome. From a user perspective, you're giving each user access to a data scientist that is writing code on their behalf and is explaining the output to natural language. This lets you do highly complex analyses, basically anything you can write in a notebook. Key driver analysis, forecasting, predictive modeling, period over period analysis, correlation analysis, a lot of stuff would be kind of painful to write in SQL. You can do it with our code interpreter. And this is a really good model. So Gemini is quite good at coding. This model is especially trained to be great at data science coding. Exactly what a data scientist will do. When you run this, it says, what a data scientist does. Pulls up the first five rows of the data frame, checks it out, decides the next steps. It is truly amazing. We recently did a competitive analysis with a leading code interpreter model. And the latest Gemini code interpreter is almost 10 percentage points higher in terms of accuracy than alternatives. And this is so important because when you put this functionality in front of end users, you want them to draw the right conclusions. When you've got the right data from the semantic model and you've got an incredible coding assistant that's also transparent in the actions it's taking, magic happens. Over to you, Sean, for a quick demo. All right. So the demo that I wanted to show you today is I've got some US census data that I have loaded up into a Looker semantic model. You can actually get this in the Looker marketplace, quick plug, and you can install this today if you want to give this a try. So what I want to look at is the prompt that I prepared is I want to look at the most common types of housing in each state. And I've also prescribed it the type of visualization that I would like it to show you. Now, you're going to go, from this prompt, you're going to see it actually go ahead and break this down into queries so it's automatically found all the different housing types it wants. There's my first query. Again, I love doing this because my hands are not on the keyboard. And you're also going to see that once it has the initial query, we're going to go a step beyond this and do some Python analysis as well. There's a reason that I use the West region in here too because guess what? West is not in my data set. But what I want to show you is that Python, in fact that I'm actually kind of using natural language to call a notebook in the back end, didn't matter. The Python could wrangle this very easily on the fly. All right. So let me show you what it did. We've got our query here. You can see a little bit behind the scenes as we flip over to the code, you can see where Code Interpreter is starting to kind of lay out its answers. And then here's my stack bar chart, nice and neat as well. Again, you can see all the regions broken down into a nice, beautiful stacked bar chart. There we go. So Advanced Code Interpreter brings things like forecasting, things like RFM analysis, recency, frequency, and monetary analysis. You want to ask about market basket analysis. You know, this is common in retail and CBG. These are all things that we're bringing closer to the business user. Peter, back over to you to take it home. All right. Thanks, Sean. We can switch over to slides. Lovely. All right. Final bit. We all know and love Looker because it's open. It is API-centric. It has an amazing platform to go and build and build embedded and custom applications on top of. We are extending that open approach to our Looker agents to enable data intelligence across your organization. What Sean showed in the UI, what you can go and preview today, is available on an API. You can go and build your own applications like we showed in the data analytics spotlight today. You can go and embed this in chat. It integrates with agent space, BigQuery, Looker. This is really supercharging your data applications. And really, the sky is the limit in terms of where you can go and bring these types of experiences, conversational, advanced analysis on top of your data. The API is available. We have quick starts for data agents. And it's purpose-built to really make it simple and easy to go and build these types of custom applications. There's a lot of batteries included. You've got the ability to go and persist these agents. There's version control, conversation history. You can enable or disable that code interpreter. You can do exactly what Sean showed. Make it really simple for my executives. Make it really easy to read on mobile. Make it great for my frontline workers. We envision a future where this API powers a massive number of use cases. And based on feedback from early preview, we're continuing to expand the feature set here. So you have automatic monitoring, alerting. One of my favorite functionality is scheduled queries. You can give the sales team an update from their custom data agent every Monday. Or better yet, give every single member of the sales team a custom update that they can then reply to and have a conversation around what matters most to them about their metrics powered by their data. This is meeting users where they are and where data can have the biggest impact. We are also integrated with agent space so you can publish your looker agents to agent space. You can govern your agents through agent space. You can even have agent-agent conversations with an agent space to have your workspace agent talk to your data agent. Okay? This is just the start of agents and data agents powering experiences across your enterprise. And last but not least, we're also integrating with BigQuery so that the data users who write SQL who want to use BigQuery notebooks, they can benefit from similar conversations to bootstrap their analysis and get access to innovations like our code interpreter on top of their private data, respecting their access controls, running at scale, all within one platform. This is awesome. Sean, over to you for one last demo. All right, so we're going to take it home with a software demo. So you looked at the composability we're offering with Looker. It allows you to build a custom application. Yeah, I can be able to query my LookML model right here. This is just an example of a custom application we built with conversational analytics API and Looker. The other thing is what about bringing it directly to where you spend most of your time? Action happens in chat. So being able to have users be able to ask questions and get answers directly in Google Chat with rich visualization types, whether it's Slack, Google Chat, or whatever communications app, you can then kind of transform BI from a pull mechanism to a push mechanism and be able to bring these insights directly to you. You can scroll up and just see some of the visuals that we've got here. There's my response. So beautiful stacked chart right there, as it were. And of course, the finale being that we can now, a lot of talk about agent space. I'll show you a quick demonstration for me to go back to my agent builder for where we began. I can select a data source. Here, I'll go ahead and select my products data here. Go ahead and connect to this. I'm going to give it some instructions. Go ahead and publish this to agent space. Select my agent. You probably have seen a lot of this this week too that I've been brought to my agent gallery. There will be my Looker agent ready to go. All my business agents all in one place. There's my Looker agent. You can ask my first question. Get an answer. Beautiful chart all in one place. So lots of ways that you now are not limited to one pane of glass for you to access modern BI and AI as well. Thank you so much for joining us today. If you have any questions, come find us. Thanks again. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.