 Please welcome the Sherlock Company CEO, Simon Clark, the Weather Channel VP of IT Strategy and Innovation, Doran Schmidt, and SADA CTO, Miles Ward. All right, ladies and gentlemen, welcome. Thank you for taking time. I know we're kind of right next to lunch. You made a brave choice to join us today. Let's talk about AI and entertainment. You want to be entertained? I want to be entertained. Let's do this thing. There's a lot of buzz. Maybe you saw some in the keynote, people talking about AI technology of all type. But I'm telling you, we are not here for the hype. We are here for the how. Today, we've got two rock stars, not one, not zero, but two that are actually doing AI for real, in production, making money, using these tools to change the business. So we're not going to just talk about it. We're going to show exactly how they're doing it. Simon, Doran, welcome to the stage. Maybe, Simon, you can give me an introduction. Sure. Hello, everybody. I'm Simon. Now, before we get started, you might notice there's going to be a bit of an English accent going on. So I'm going to say some words a little bit oddly. And, you know, British sense of humor can be pretty hit or miss. So I would really appreciate your indulgence. So I moved to the U.S. about 20 years ago. The creative agency that I founded in the U.K. was acquired by an American corporation. So I came over here full of enthusiasm to experience corporate life in America. And I did. I got laid off. So in 2012, I started up on my own again, a small creative agency specializing in localization and mainly working with entertainment companies. In that same year, I was in Starbucks in Sacramento. And I met the Serbian software engineer who was in the U.S. chasing his dream of becoming a basketball player. That didn't last long. We ended up working together. And eventually, we decided to join forces and combine my creative team with his software development team to form an agency that could handle both creative and also developed software. And we didn't really know why we did that, by the way. But actually, as it turned out, it was a pretty good idea. And luckily for me, he didn't turn out to be very good at basketball. So he was kind of stuck working with me. But our big idea was to build a platform that could manage and streamline the creative process from start to finish, do loads of automation generally, make everything fantastic. And that's what we did. And the net result of that rambling introduction is that the company that we formed is called Sherlock. And the platform is called Pipeline. And, Miles, you did a very nice thing with your pipe. Yeah, yeah. It do. So the name is Sherlock Pipeline. So the names are linked. A lot of people missed that. But anyway. Anyway, so that's it. And you can let it roll with our little showreel. The Sherlock Company helps the world's biggest brands grow their global presence. With our suite of services and our proprietary software platform, Sherlock Pipeline, we provide the solutions you need to manage, produce, review, and deliver fully localized multi-channel campaigns at scale. Grow global with Sherlock. I mean, that is pretty impressive. I mean, how many folks have ever seen a piece of streaming video content? That's every hand. Everybody's hand goes up. There are no humans alive that have not seen some of this stuff. Every one of those little thumbnails, all the spots where you're getting told what you're about to see, that comes from that platform. That's a huge, huge piece of work. How did you fund all that development? Well, we didn't have any funding. We had no VC funding at all, actually. And I had lovely brown hair when I started. And that's one of the impacts of it. So that's also probably why it took us 10 years. But I had a very, very fortunate that I had an amazing partner who was able to do the development, you know, a lot of it on his own. I was hoping you were going to say, like, you know, basketball contests or something. Yeah. Anyway, amazing stuff. Thank you so much, Simon Doran. Maybe give us the same ride. A little intro. What's going on with Weather Channel? It's a pretty incredible place. Yeah. So thank you, Miles. So I've been with the Weather Channel 25 years. I'm the VP of IT strategy and innovation. I started out at a university. I have a doctorate in applied statistics. So AI now comes very naturally to me. I'm going back home, you know, to my data roots. Ever since I started at the Weather Channel, I have always been part of leading our innovations. And the Weather Channel has always innovated in any number of different ways. We're a data technology company. We bring in about a petabyte of data a day. We hold numerous patents that we've held for, you know, sometimes upwards of 43 years, which is as long as our company has been around. You know, we started in many of the early days of virtualization, of HPCs, of being able to use all sorts of technology to be able to display all this information that we gather. One of the things that we use is we actually use gaming technology to be able to visualize a number of things that's really hard to visualize. And if we roll our tape now, you'll see that in action. One thing we know for sure, our vulnerability is increasing as cities expand, putting more communities, homes, people in harm's way. This is too late to evacuate. The only way to get out of here is to go up to a second story. Six to nine feet of storm surge, and we're showing you six feet here. Water will come up very quickly. Look at all the debris that will be in that water. And warming waters are forcing fish to migrate or worse, kill them. And when the fish are gone, the cost is undeniable. I don't know about you. I remember the first time I saw that flood level graphic. I was like, oh, it's the future, ladies and gentlemen. That makes complete sense to me now, as opposed to, you know, like, is it really going to be above the windows, below the windows? How does that all work? It really made it crystal clear. And that clarity can save lives, right? That's the mission for the weather channel. Oh, totally. Yeah. You know, if you think about it, most disasters that are the most deadly happen at night. So time is of the essence. And understanding the impact is of paramount importance. So I hope you're pulling away that Simon and Doran, they represent kind of two sides of the entertainment coin. One focused on creating content, bringing us to the right content, and the other focused on delivery and customer engagement. I mean, that can seem pretty different. I mean, these use cases are way off to the left, way off to the right. But they are all using AI to solve critical business challenges. This isn't stuff that's for fun. It's making money. It's saving lives. It's changing the performance of the business. You want to hear the story? You want to unpack all this stuff? Let's dive in. So first up, Doran, talk to us about kind of the essential work that you're doing to keep people safe. And you talked a little about kind of nighttime as a challenge. You know, how do you use these tools in practice? So, you know, as I said, the most deadly time for weather is at night. And I gave the example of tornado. It can take just five minutes of extra time for you to be able to get out your car, to be able to get out of your sofa and go into a safe place, and actually have your life saved. You don't want to be in a car. You don't want to be out in your yard when a tornado happens. Watches and warnings happen 24 hours a day. Tornadoes happen in every single state in the United States. And we need to provide that data to you in as timely of a manner as possible and efficient and as customer-friendly as possible. So one of the things that we've done with AI is to create some automation that predominantly runs at night when we don't are staffed as much as we are in the day. We still are ingesting that data. It comes into our systems from National Weather Service. We then process it with a script that has all of our prompts that will take something that's highly structured, that a computer reads really well, but if we spit that out to a consumer, it wouldn't work very well at all. It would be really hard to understand. So we send it into Vertex AI. It translates that all into something that is much more consumable, much more user friendly, and then we convert that to speech. So what we're able to do is to bring that warning to all of our platforms, whether it's in text, whether it's verbally, or whether it's graphically, so that you understand that you need to take action, you need to take action now. And then we have the whole feedback loop of being able to look how well that was done, and we constantly are improving our prompts. How many folks, developers in the room, software engineers, hands up, geeks, geeks with me, right on? You do deployers on Fridays? No, put your hand down, I know you don't. They have to deployers in the middle of the night, right? This system has to run 24-7, seven days a week, 365 days a year, does it on Christmas, does it on Easter. So being able to rely on technical systems to augment your staff, to catch it in the middle of the night, to catch it when you're not available to do the work, that's a huge value lift. How does the business feel? How does the Weather Channel leadership feel as a result of the automation you've been able to implement? Well, you know, this is a great win for us, because one of the things is we don't have the staff. You know, everybody's going through the same challenges in media. You know, we're, you know, having people who before would stay up late at night twiddling their thumbs if a tornado didn't happen. We don't want a tornado to happen, we don't want flooding to happen, but we need to be there. And so this allows fewer people to have to be on site, to be sitting there in case something happens, you know, as opposed to, you know, fully staffing it. Additionally, this allows us to take this concept, and we belong to Allen Media Group, which is a number of other broadcast media companies. And we can extend this to other types of information that goes out, as well as all of those stations have their own weather. You know, be able to extend this to other business units, and so we get that scale that you don't always get with some of the other things. It allows us to be more efficient, and our associates don't see it as taking jobs away. They see it as being able to be more efficient, being able to put their time where they need to put their time. So I want everybody to take that away. It's critical. There is a lot of innovation happening at all of our customers, at all of your businesses, I guarantee it. But I also am willing to guarantee that it is happening in pockets, in corners, in silos. Those folks are nuts and awesome and building weird stuff, but it hasn't made it over into human resources and the legal department and the sales folks and everybody else. The collaboration inside of your businesses will help you get far more value from these tools. And, you know, speaking of more value, what else are you going to do? What's next? I mean, is it, you know, trying to predict the weather in advance? Like, there's got to be a lot to do. No. So one of the things we're doing is we've created an innovation council. Okay. Because what we don't want to do is have people chasing the next shiny object. We want to solve business challenges and we want people to come with those challenges. What you see on your screen here is what our council looks like. And it goes across all of Allen Media Group. We have legal involved up front. We have HR involved up front. We have finance involved up front. And what this allows us to do is not have the tail wagging the dog. Right. But we actually have the ability, the visibility across the entire enterprise and be able to look at these use cases. And we might start with a small TV station in Louisiana as our pilot for doing something. Sure. And then we extend it to the Weather Channel and other business units. Or we might start something at the Weather Channel and then bring it to all the other business units. But by having everyone up front, we're actually able to understand what the business impact is as we're starting doing a proof of value. And so we're really doing proof of values and proof of concepts. The other thing is it helps people imagine what's possible. And it's bringing the crowdsourcing of all of our associates to be able to understand how can I use AI? How can we better our company with AI? You can imagine, because these transitions keep happening faster and faster, there's probably a period where one department was using these new things called computers. And then eventually you're like, hey, we should get all the departments together. These computer things are pretty useful. Like we can all kind of have a council where we talk about it. And then there was probably like one department that was nuts and used cloud. And they're like, oh, hold on. This is actually pretty useful. Let's get everybody together. We can all work together on this. AI is going to do the same thing. And whatever the acronym for the one after that will work the same. I really want to encourage everybody to take the time to meet your peers across the aisle to work across your organization. Because relative to those other two innovations, computers and cloud, I promise you, AI is actually much more cross-organizationally applicable. There's use cases in every department. Whew. Okay. Thank you, Doran. I really appreciate it. Simon, you are up. The Sherlock company, right? You guys are all about captivating content. How does AI fit into that picture? Give us a little now. Okay. So you saw our little overview earlier. But just to clarify, there's two main verticals. The first is localized marketing assets. Things like promo videos, animated and static display ads. You'll have seen these things. Which we adapt and translate for different markets. Now the second is a bit more niche. So as Miles mentioned, we design those thumbnails you see on streaming platforms. Now, whenever I say this, people either look a little bit confused or they look at me blankly. And it's happened again. But here's the thing. With so many devices and languages, we end up producing these in huge volumes. So last year alone, we delivered 2.6 million assets. So that's around 8,000 assets a day. That is production. Can you imagine you're like hanging out with Photoshop, trying to dry one of these things one at a time? I'm telling you that's going to take a while. How do you process that kind of volume? Well, the platform that we mentioned, Pipeline, does a lot of the heavy lifting. So managing, creative workflows, version control, localization. All the boring but necessary stuff, I would say. Got to do it. So yes, we have to use a lot of technology and automation just to keep up. But it doesn't end there. And it kind of wouldn't be funny, wouldn't be fun if there weren't new challenges on the horizon. And the challenge for us is personalization. So all these images might require different artwork depending on who the viewer is. So take those numbers and multiply them by two or three. Now, our production system can churn those out. But who's going to design thousands of new images every day? So this is where we saw AI. We saw AI generating images from a text prompt. We thought this could be the answer. And also, let's face it. This was a pretty scary thing for our business. It was going to be like a threat. So we were motivated to investigate further in Sherlock fashion. But as with many things in life, I found that initial wave of excitement was quickly followed by disappointment. Yeah. Is that just me who thinks that? Anyway, the disappointment came in the form of new clauses showing up in all of our client agreements across the board. So, I mean, you can all read, but essentially no generative AI. So, same old thing. You know, we got all excited. We have all these ideas. And then legal showed up. Also, and that was the end of it. I mean, we, I don't be weird. We are at the like generative AI session where we talk about like the use of AI. Are you at the wrong session? Well, you have a buddy or something that did that. Like, what did you do if you can't use generative AI to do generative AI? Yeah. So we took a little bit of liberties. We thought, well, if we can't generate these new images, can we extract images from the video footage? So specifically, yeah, let's see if we could extract from video footage. So we spoke with our mates at SADA. And they said, I think you should do a proof of concept, which sounded good. And they explained that a proof of concept is really cool because you can experiment and no one gets fired at the end of it. So it sounded pretty good. Had you done any of those kinds of evaluations on your own before? Like, how did those work out? Well, we did. We trained a model. Actually, the client was IMAX and we trained a model on their creative. Necessarily a very big model. It was huge. Very wide and tall model. Yeah, yeah. And actually, it worked. We got it to recognize bits of the designs. And it was cool. You know, we could put stuff in. But actually, as a business application, it didn't do anything at all. And this was really the struggle we had with AI, that it's trying to find that right business application. So anyway, we kicked off the POC. And it's going to take about six weeks. So over that period, the SADA team worked closely with us. They shared code, logic, examples. So we got to metaphorically look over their shoulders as they built it, which meant at the end, we didn't just have a proof of concept, but we also understood how we had got there. So, I think Miles had asked a question about the tech people, but for those who are tech minded, there's a sort of crude architecture diagram here. Oh, yeah. Nice? Well, I think it's nice. As the father of both AWS and GCP's architecture diagram systems, I hereby formally authorize that's a good one. Yeah. Before we go into, like, greater detail, any sort of general observations you want to pass on, or should I just grill you? You can do either, actually. I'm open to being grilled. Yeah. Yeah, there's a couple of things, actually, which made this what it was. AI doesn't behave like traditional software. Sounds obvious, but, you know, in conventional development, you write code, you pass inputs, and you get predictable outputs. With AI, you can pass in the exact same thing and get something completely different on different days. So, the functions of development are very different in AI. Debugging, testing, they all take on slightly different meanings. And the second thing is cost. These models and running them through can get quite expensive. So, a lot of this diagram that you see was all built about minimizing waste, so reducing redundant calls to the models, reducing compute charges where we could. But that notwithstanding, actually, I have become very familiar with the billing part of the Google console. So, we all eventually come to the real bottom line. So, you know, I want people to hear that closely. Non-deterministic software, which is what generative AI is, is sort of a little more like your staff than it is like your code, right? Think of maybe the people that you have managed as artificial, artificial intelligence. And think about what you would do to review their work, maybe have them work in pairs, see if they agree. Some of the tricks from your human resources team might make a lot of sense to your computer resources team if you're doing AI work. So, okay, maybe walk us through kind of the step by step, the workflow from the POC and how those building blocks work together. Yeah. So, firstly, it's kind of, it goes left to right and then sort of up and down in between. But basically, it's a pipeline, pardon the pun, that runs AI in sequence. So, not all at once. So, the first part is Gemini, which is basically reducing the number of frames that we extract from the video. So, it's like a rough cut. Then these chapters are then passed on to video intelligent. Now, this is the bit that we'll all say, oh, okay, I get this. This is the clever bit that AI is doing, which is, it's going to look at those clips and say, which one of these is suitable for a thumbnail? So, which one of those matches the prompts that you gave me? And then the final one is going back through Gemini and that analyzes those one-second clips from the video intelligence part to pick out the best individual frames. So, as you say, it's a pipeline that goes from left to right and kind of up and down, too. So, Simon, why did you choose using a sequence flow versus doing parallel processing? Well, this is something that we weren't aware of, but our mates at SADA, I think when we started working with them, explained that the best AI solutions are actually a combination of passing data through different models. So, I think when we first got into it, we thought you just kind of press a button like in Gemini and it all gets done automatically. But, in fact, it's a sequence of events. That's why we did it, really. It was a lot of experimentation as to which order would work best and which tools that we could use in this kind of workflow that we put together. It's a great, going back to the artificial intelligence metaphor, you can have one master craftsman who you pay a catastrophe hourly rate to hand-build a car from scratch. It will take you an incredible amount of time and it's probably about the most expensive way you can possibly do it. It turns out most of the people that are manufacturing cars at scale, they break that problem down into specialty steps. And it turns out that's like a way cheaper way of doing it. So, you know, the model that we use for Gemini on the left, we actually get away with a much cheaper model, the flash model, because the problem is not as complicated. The one that's on the right, the frame extraction, benefits from the higher performance models, but I'm using far fewer tokens through that model. It's that kind of nuanced optimization that you can do when you've broken the problem down into pieces that otherwise would be impossible if it was just one big whack. So, yeah, so in summary, really, it's, although we were here to talk about AI, this is not just an AI solution. Sure. It's a hybrid really of, you know, AI, cloud infrastructure, and, you know, essentially good old fashioned logic. That's right. Got to have some place to put the bytes. Yeah, exactly. So, after six weeks, this is what SADA gave us. Now, this is a slide that I use. Just squint. You'll see it. It's way in there. It's good. This is a slide I use to bring the energy in the room right down. And I really want it to be a contender for the dullest slide that maybe you've shown at this conference. But it is what it is. You can see it's a tidy folder full of files and scripts. This is what our friends at SADA gave us. And you can see on the right that massive text there, which is the prompts. So, you can see the level of detail that we went into with the prompts. And this proof of concept worked great. So, we were able to upload a video. And then we were able to extract stills. And they were pretty good stills. But as you can see, you can't be adding your prompts into a Python file. So, this is when our development team stepped in to turn it into an actual business application that integrated with our existing platform. And we have got, again, it's a second sizzle reel, which shows in 30 seconds starting a project and going right the way through to the final delivery. So, take a look. Welcome to episode. And by the way, the choice of Night of the Living Dead is no reflection on anything to do with the audience or the conference itself. So that was great. So you'll notice we added a bunch of new features. Our development team got creative, and it was great. And actually, this was the really kind of breakthrough moment because this was the moment when all the AI buzzwords and speculation, it turned into something real, something tangible. And it's something that works across our entire business. So we can actually use this. The final bit you saw there was putting that still, essentially ready for delivery into a platform. So this bit actually was very exciting. That's pretty incredible. Being able to go from the idea of wanting a system to being able to see it in practice, not in years, not in months, but in weeks. How has it landed? Do you have initial feedback from customers or users? It's quite early days. But what we're seeing so far is that something that would have taken a few days, it was a manual process to pick stills out. It would have taken a few days. We can do that in a few hours, maybe quicker. And that's from the uploading a video to actually having something that can be delivered onto a platform. So it was very good. Sami, look, I promise you, there are use cases in your business where you are doing tasks that take hours to days and that we can take them from days to hours to minutes. And if you don't see that opportunity, you've got to be in the wrong place. So you have to not be stopping there, right? If you saw that first success, you know, what comes next? Yeah. So it's funny, once we got that first application built, the first implementation, it kind of flipped the dynamic. Whereas before, we were struggling, really, to find things that we could do with AI, struggling to find the right use case. Now we've got loads of ideas of which we're going to run with just a few. And we're working differently as well. We're kind of working with our friends at SADA when we need help. But otherwise, we're kind of also starting to work independently on some of these projects, which is great. So we're working on a translation tool. Machine translation or translation AI has got a really bad rap because everyone thinks it's kind of, you know, composed by zombies and it's a bit unemotional. So with new technology, we've got a translation tool which will show you its rationale behind selecting specific translations. So this will hopefully get rid of that perception that it's kind of automated. But we're very excited about that. This has a really good reaction so far. And we're also building a kind of design QC tool. Imagine we have to QC thousands of images a day. So this QC tool will not only look at the content, but it will also look at some of the design elements. So is the layout balanced? Does it adhere to, you know, rule of thirds, grids, placement of content? So, and again, AI has been really very good at doing that kind of activity. And then finally, we're going to build a digital asset management system from scratch using AI. So no conventional database integration, just really building on AI logic and search capabilities. And that one I think is going to be really interesting because, again, it's working from, building on something from scratch. But Simon, you know, there's lots of MAMs out there already. Why would you choose to build your own versus, you know, take something off the shelf? And for your MAM, you know, with that explanation, how could a broadcast company like ourselves potentially use that? That's really quite a difficult question. So really what you're asking is build versus buy. Yeah, exactly. Well, I think the problem that we have, and again, we see the problem when we first started with AI is you can do lots of things independently as an individual, but actually getting those to integrate with the rest of your business has really been the challenge. So, you know, everyone probably uses AI in their day-to-day jobs, but the problem with and the reason that we build is essentially so that we can use those outputs elsewhere in our business because so much of our business is volume-driven. Does that answer your question? Yes. It was a difficult one. It is a good one. It is almost invariable that a system that you buy is going to create its own silo, its own container. This is the input files we like. This is the workflow that we enjoy. Maybe here are the one or two or three or 20 partnerships or connectors that we've built, but every business is different and everybody's got a hundred zillion tools. When you build on your own, you get to decide what are the integrations you do right at the outset. And as more and more businesses are trying to streamline how they operate, forcing folks to move from SaaS number one to SaaS number two to export into SaaS number three to cross-duplicate into SaaS number four, because the cost of building software is falling so precipitously, stuff that maybe would have seemed like, ah, I can't possibly approach that, it's starting to feel like maybe build is a more reasonable option, especially with that kind of drive. Well, I totally agree, particularly if it's integral to your company. Yeah. You know, that thing that makes you unique, absolutely build. I also have kind of a rule of thumb, and this was way more true when software was more expensive. If you're going to build a piece of software and you are not anticipating vending it to your competitors, I mean, imagine how many competitors to YouTube, Google is vending video bytes through Google Cloud to. That's how you really know you're ready to stand up an actual product as opposed to maybe a project inside the business. So in terms of like stack ranking, which ones you go after? Yeah. Which kinds of features do you pursue? Well, overall, we're trying to focus on projects which just wouldn't be feasible, either in terms of time or cost, without a huge boost in capability. So we think that's the sweet spot for AI. What we're not trying to do is to automate things that are working pretty well with conventional systems. So we're not trying to make, for example, life easier for our internal teams by, you know, making a lot of their functions easier. Something about which they are disappointed, quite frankly. Wah, wah, wah, wah. Okay. Simon, Doran, first off, thank you for sharing the goods, showing us how it's built. Maybe let's pull up on the stick a little bit, get a little philosophical, open-ended. You know, let's start with you, Doran. Where do you see the industry heading with AI? Like, what's coming next? So I think first is the development teams, like you were just talking about. You know, code reviews, writing code, the CICD pipeline becoming, you know, much more streamlined. Maybe not having QA, QC departments. You know, everything is totally automated by AI. Right. You know, first and foremost. For a media company, you know, automating our metadata for that man, you know, that is tremendously time-consuming. If we can get AI to look at the videos and be able to put that metadata in, that saves hours upon hours of somebody sitting there looking at video. And then, you know, enhancing the automation of our broadcast path. You know, there's a lot of places that there could be errors in it. And even automating being able to check how good that path is. Are we within spec of our video? Are we in spec with our audio? Integral. But I think the number one thing, and this goes across every single company, is AI literacy. Sure. If you remember in the 1990s, you know, it was nice to have when people, you know, had computer skills, when they could use Excel, when they could use Google Sheets, when they could write an email. And it took until the late 90s, early 2000s before, that was table stakes. Every employee needed to have computer competency. Well, I think that is going to be surpassed with AI. It's going to only be two or three years, and that's going to be table stakes for every employee, that everyone in your organization needs to know how to use efficiently AI. And it's going to start with us today by help training our employees, making sure they know how to write prompts, making sure they know how to use and the usefulness of AI. When you're talking about metadata, I know so many companies anticipating the expense of marking this stuff up. they truncate and truncate down to just the absolutely critical fields that they need. Now that you've got a system that can determine, like we've been doing a project with another group, where I'm pulling out kind of the emotional feeling that's on screen at any given time, that's a way richer set of metadata than how long is it and what are the colors in the background, right? So being able to think creatively about how much more context you can get about media, I think it's going to be pretty powerful. Simon, how about you? Well, I can only speak to a sort of narrow slice of the entertainment industry, particularly the creative, but I think the one area is going to be hugely impacted is what I call high-end creative. So campaign strategy, storyboards, copywriting is going to come under real pressure from AI's ability to generate ideas from scratch. And actually we saw at the keynote, we saw tools that can spin up, you know, campaign concepts, complete with copy and visuals and even video. Sure. So I think that's going to be a huge change for the high-end creative. On the upside, it may mean that more titles get promoted and more ideas get explored, but it also means that creative agencies like ourselves are going to need to either offer AI as part of that creative process or at least understand what AI can offer because people are starting to ask about that part of it. I think there will be a surge in automation, alternative imagery, which we showed you, and high-volume variants, a lot more personalization, particularly in the marketing side. I think that's here to stay. That's going to be the new norm. And with that, I think the industry, particularly creative, is going to need to rethink pricing models. And I guess not just creative, but everybody, because a lot of creative is still priced per asset or per version. But when you can generate a dozen options in minutes, that cost-volume relationship starts to fall apart. So we're already seeing early signs of a shift towards a kind of fixed-fee, all-you-can-eat creative scenario, which is both terrifying and kind of exciting, too. Okay, so quickly, because we want to make sure we've got some time for Q&A, Google Cloud. What's the magic there? Why did you both end up landing at Google? Dorn, maybe? So, you know, I think it's, you know, Google started with the Transformers, and everybody needs to be, you know, a hybrid between, you know, cloud and AI. And we had the discussion about build and buy. You know, where do you do that? And there's so many, I mean, we go out in the exhibition hall, and you can see all the AI products out there. Which ones do you bring into your organization I think is really going to be important. You know, which ones, again, do you build on your own? And I think it goes back to what we were saying is something that's really core to your business. Yeah, Google's a builder's paradise. I agree. Simon, how about you? So we were an early adopter of Google, actually, way back in 2017. And at the time, we dealt with Google directly. Prior to that, we had a, we rented, you know, a rack in a warehouse somewhere in Canada, I think it was. No offense to Canadians, of course. So we were an early adopter. And Google, we dealt with Google initially on their own. And then at some point, I think maybe 2020, the relationship was passed over to SADA. So SADA became our key contact. So, but we still actually have great relationships with our Google account managers. And they've helped us a lot. They even helped us with getting some of the early projects going. And actually, you know, we're not a big company. We're not a household name. But Google really have shown us a lot of, you know, respect. They've taken a big interest in our business. Almost, almost too much interest, honestly. But it's not all, you know, roses in the garden. There is one thing that Google have done that's made me a little bit uncomfortable, unfortunately, because I've had to publicly be complimentary about a big tech firm. Oh, rough, rough. Okay, shameless plug time. Bring me the love. How did joining forces with a partner like SADA help? How did that make these projects a reality? Well, these partnerships, they actually do matter. And I'm not saying it because I'm here on your chat show. It's because, you know, working with people who know the territory, SADA and Google, that accelerated our learning. I'd say in six weeks, we probably advance from not knowing anything to a situation where we feel reasonably confident about doing stuff ourselves. Because this stuff moves very fast. And trying to do it DIY is not only painful, it's just not viable. So your current team is not going to watch YouTube tutorials and be able to get you that far. So we have very pleasant meetings, a little bit jovial. And no, it's been great. It's one of the few scenarios that I would say the reality of the offering has way exceeded the sales pitch. Oh, that is pretty good. And the sales pitch was pretty good. Yeah. Doran, how about you? You know, I need to reiterate, you know, SADA's a partner. And I don't say that to many companies. You help us find what fits best. And SADA actually has walked away from an engagement because the solution did not fit. And I can't say that about many vendors that I've worked with, which is why I can talk to you about being a partner. And they do a great job of teaching us how to fish, understanding how to fish, when we should be fishing. And, you know, that's what I expect, but don't always get. Sure. And that's why not all my vendors are partners either. Well, first off, thank you both. It is not always so easy to work with customers, big and small. You've been incredible partners as well. This is a two-way street. And thank you to sharing your stories with our audience. Can we give them a big round of applause? That's a great piece of work. Thank you. Thank you.