 Solène Pérez- Hi, everyone. I'm Solène, Product Manager at Google Cloud AI, working on Agent Space. Today in our session, we talked about how to assemble agents. We've been building new capabilities within Agent Space to help you unlock your agents' potential. So, you know, the foundations of building useful agents is having connections to the data. And this is where Agent Space comes in. Agent Space is the central hub for search and agents. And so, within Agent Space, you're bringing all of your data sources. Thanks to these foundations, agents in Agent Space can search your enterprise data with the quality and relevance you expect from Google. They can think, act, and automate complex tasks using the power of our advanced Gemini models. And they can also orchestrate and work with other agents, build on Agent Space, or build on other platforms. All of this within a secure and compliant framework. And also in Agent Space, you have some powerful agents right out of the box. Let me present two of them and share some insights, as this can be a great source of inspiration for the agents you want to build. So, first, let's look at deep research. Available today in private GA, this agent undertakes complex, multi-step investigations, synthesizing information from both your internal enterprise sources and the external web data. And what makes this agent so special? Let's look a bit behind the scenes. First, this deep research agent which tailors its research strategy to your goal. Then, this agent employs a smart loop of question generation and iterates the loop until the goal is met. It uniquely matches findings from internal data as well as the web data. Today, deep research is also available as an API, so you can use it to augment your agent or your own application. And next up is the idea generation agent, launching today in private preview. This agent helps you generate and refine solutions through a multi-agent ideation process, aiming to drive your next big thing in your enterprise. It's inspired by a technology from Google research that helped to generate hypotheses for biomedicine research. And you know, what makes this agent so special is this ability to coordinate an agent system for dynamic ideation, as well as a chess-like tournament that will happen in the background to rank all of your ideas. You can also collaborate with the results to help refine all the ideas. We are super excited about idea generation agent, and I hope you will give it a try. Now, let's move to how to actually empower your employees and your developers to build agents within agent space. Today, we're launching a no-code agent designer to help your employees build agents. Through this agent designer, they have access to more than 30 tools and actions and building integration within your enterprise data. So you can use the agent designer today to automate repeated tasks and workflow. Then, for developers, we introduce the ADK, the Agent Developer Kit. It's an open-source framework to define, test, and deploy sophisticated agents. And within agent space, we have a native support for ADK, which means that you can build your agent, you know, develop your agent with ADK, and integrate it directly in agent space. We'll take care of the integration, the orchestration, the rendering of the UI, and we'll also give to this agent the ability to call the agent space tools, as well as look into the data connected to agent space. Thank you for listening and have a good day.