 So today I want to do a quick recap of the session we did about managing Google Cloud Storage Objects at scale. So let's start with the context, like why is storage management a concern or a problem for many customers? So there are three interesting facts in this context. Number one, storage continues to grow for customers. It's rare for me to meet customers who would say, hey, my storage usage is declining or even staying constant. And in fact, with AI, we are seeing a lot more of new training data being ingested. We are seeing a lot more of AI-generated content. So storage usage continues to grow, which is awesome. Second, the scale of object storage makes management tough. Many customers may have, say, thousands of VMs, millions of pods, but they will highly likely have tens of millions or billions or in some cases, trillions of objects. And this is the scale of object storage which makes management tough. And the final aspect is that developing homegrown custom tools, writing scripts to manage storage is really not easy. It's difficult. It takes a lot of time and effort to put this all together, manage it. If you have a database, you have to upgrade it, lifecycle management, all of that you have to. And this is what makes storage management tough for customers. Storage continues to grow, the scale makes it tough, and they end up spending 13 to 24 percent of their cloud spend, storage spend, just on managing and operating. This is the problem which we want to solve for customers. How can we relieve our customer teams from management and focusing on business problems which really matter for them? That's the storage management problem we would like to solve. I'm very happy to share that we introduced our unified storage management product called Storage Intelligence. One single product which gives you a set of features for analyzing your storage state and then taking actions at scale. So what do I mean by that? For example, you may analyze to figure out which objects have been alive for more than 30 days, and then you want to make sure that their object lock for compliance. So that's the analysis piece. And once you have those insights, you want to take actions. For example, you know, take action on millions of objects, move a bucket so that you get to that desired state which you're looking forward to. And you can also use the software to help you manage your storage management. Again, one single product which offers you end-to-end journey across these capabilities, and you could really solve storage management. And with all that, our goal, as I stated before, to help our customer teams get out of manual storage management and free up their time for focusing on their business. It also helps you manage and control your storage costs while avoiding or minimizing your various security compliance issues by setting up org-wide policies. So that's how one single unified storage intelligence product to solve for storage management. Now here, there are some great six ways for you to start immediately and take advantage of storage intelligence. So let me share a few of them. If you're trying to understand your storage cost drivers, you could use the insights data sets feature of storage intelligence to, say, analyze your storage distribution by prefix. Find out what is growing quickly and maybe figure out or reach out to the teams to better understand that. So in this case, insights data sets feature of storage intelligence can help you understand your storage cost. Or, for example, you want to move a bucket from a regional bucket to a multi-region or dual-region bucket for disaster recovery or resilience purpose. Or maybe the other way around, you want to move a multi-region bucket back to a regional bucket for maybe lower egress cost. And you could also do that with the bucket relocation feature of storage intelligence. Essentially, two commands, minimal downtime, and you can change the whole bucket regional configuration. Or you want to use the patch operations feature of storage intelligence to update encryption keys for millions or billions of objects. With patch operations, you can act on up to billions of objects in a couple of hours without writing any code. To sum it up, storage intelligence is our new offering, a new product which offers you end-to-end management journey from analyzing your storage state to taking actions. We are offering a 30-day free trial. I really encourage all of you to go get started. Try one of these six ways, and I'm hoping that this will help you solve your storage management problem. Thank you.