 . Hey. Hello and welcome. Today we're talking about cloud migration. The title of my talk is here. It's Accelerate Your Google Cloud Migration Journey. I'm that guy. My name is Scott. I'm a technical advocate at Datadog. I get to do some really cool stuff, like come to events like this and talk about things that I really like. And I get to meet some really cool people. I also love punk rock and probably your dog. Because I mentioned I work at Datadog and I love dogs, if you don't know what Datadog is, we are a SaaS platform for observability, security, and a lot more unified platform. There's a little bit of kind of what it looks like right there in one of our fancy little dashboards. I mention this because we do a lot. We can analyze trillions of events per day from thousands of customers. And with that, I'd like to start with a little quote. You've been hearing a lot about IT or AI all week. And if you think that it might be slowing us down, moving into the cloud, well, it's not. It's helping us accelerate people moving into things like Google Cloud. So, of course, we're talking cloud migration today. And do you think you really want to move to the cloud? Do you want to do this? There may be some barriers to that entry point. And some of those things are going to be your application size. Your application may be across multiple data centers, multiple services. There may be a lot of sprawl with that, a lot of complexity. Beyond that, there's a lot of heavy customization in there. Again, that's one of those things. The more complex your applications are, the harder they are to be moved. And skills. Before you move to Google Cloud, I highly suggest that you work with your teams. Skill them up. Help them learn how to use GCP in general. A little knowledge goes a long way. And with that, I wanted to share real quick a blog that I patterned the most of this talk around. It's about cloud migrations and the importance that observability can play into that. Without knowing what you have to move, that is going to make your life really difficult. Having a detailed inventory of what you have and how your applications work is really going to help you move things overall. Everything from our APM services that can give you the end-to-end traces of things, how things work, will help you move and it's going to give you a better user experience overall. So, why do you want to migrate? Well, first off, we know about scalability. There's the second Iliity, which is reliability. Security, optimizing your costs, and freeing up resources. We're going to dive a little bit deeper into the first one here, which is going to be scalability. And, of course, the first thing that we talk about when you move to GCP is elasticity. That is the ability to scale up, out, and back in to meet the demand of your customers and your end users. Also, we want to talk about global reach. When I talk to my customers about moving to the cloud, I always talk to them about things like, why don't you put your services closer to your customers? So, one of the things that we're doing at Datadog, we're launching a new data center in Sydney, Australia, to meet the demand of our customers, to get closer to them, to build them a better quality experience. Cost efficiency. That's where you pay as you go, right? Taking advantage of those economies of scale. Also, with that, you can think of things like, after you've migrated to the cloud, using tools such as Datadog or other observability tools, you can work towards things like using Cloud Run, things that scale to zero, that cost you less money. Flexibility. That's the different services that we have on the cloud where we can take advantage of some of the AI tools that are in GCP, some of the machine learning tools. There's also the improved performance and reliability. That's going to help you be able to take care of things if something goes wrong. You can spin up and do things in different availability zones and recover quickly in case there is an outage. Speaking of outages and things like that, reliability. When we talk about reliability, highly available environments where we have multiple data centers and the ability to use a tool maybe such as Terraform to spin up and deploy into different availability zones or regions to meet the demands of your customers or if there's a problem. Disaster recovery. Very important. And, of course, there's built-in tools to GCP where you can back up your data. And you can also push data to other availability zones across the world or regions across the world. Apologies. That scalable infrastructure. Load balancing is one of my favorite things in the cloud. Being able to have a load balancer that can handle traffic from around the world around traffic globally. Really awesome and blows my mind still. Proactive monitoring and maintenance. Here's a big one. I'm an old IT guy. I do a lot of things. Proactive monitoring is a big deal to me. I love it. That's why I work at Datadog, to be honest. And we have tools that are even built into GCP. We have Datadog. We have other tools out there that you can use to get real-time insights into your applications and your customers' experience. Security and compliance. Security is key. When you build your clouds, you should build with security in mind from the start. That's step one. Always build compliance first, in my opinion. And with security, we're going to dive deeper into that. Where we have the ability to talk about some of the advanced security measures. With GCP, of course, my favorite security feature is IAM. So you can do some fine-grained measurements and being able to give the right permissions to the right people at the right time. Not go overly too deep. And we do have a talk happening later this week by a colleague, Megan. She's going to talk about default service roles within GCP and how they might be a little dangerous and how you can protect yourself from them. Expertise and resources. The ability to get your security teams utilizing security tools within GCP or a tool like Datadog. That's really going to help you understand and be more secure and be prepared for the possibility of a security event. And the scalability of those features, obviously, when I'm using tools such as like a cloud seam to be able to get those logs to measure that security, make sure you're alerting when something does go wrong. Disaster recovery and backup. Once again, not only a reliability feature, but security. DDoS attacks can happen. You want to be able to spin up to handle the demand. Make sure that you're not losing any data in case something bad does happen. Continuous monitoring and incident response. Very, very important thing to have once you're in the cloud, once you're migrating or anywhere all the time. Just always keep in mind you always need that ability to monitor and understand what's going on. And once a year, we put out the state of cloud security report at Datadog and we have some pretty cool things in there. This one was interesting to me across all the different cloud platforms that we have out there. There's some common things that is going to happen. Where the goal is usually to compromise credentials to get some type of permanent into your accounts or your services or something. Maybe it's to sell those credentials or mine some Dogecoin or something like that. That's always a fun little thing people try to do to spin up things in your infrastructure. I have definitely lived that in the past where a developer has leaked a key onto GitHub and we lost tens of thousands of dollars. Not a great day. Because I mentioned the money aspect, there's optimizing cost is important with your cloud environments. With that, we mentioned the pay as you go pricing. It allows you to pay for what you use. Again, when I say that sort of thing, I want you to think serverless, any type of service that can scale to zero. That will help save you money. Reducing infracusts. Infrastructure costs, things like electricity, air conditioning. You lose some of that when you move to the cloud. If you're running multiple data centers, you pay for the electricity, the plumbing, the heating, the air, and so on. Operational efficiency. Where you get to automate your patching. Tools like that. Energy savings, of course, you're going to be using less power. You're using the economy to scale. Google's already got all this running. You're going to take advantage of that. Improve budgeting and forecasting. Google already has tools built into GCP that will help you understand your spend. Even makes right sizing suggestions. We also have tools such as Datadog where we can also give you some idea of where you might want to take advantage of some changes to your infrastructure. That way, we can help you understand your costs and know where you may wish to take advantage of some changes. Reducing downtime costs. Cloud cost. That's a biggie. When you have downtime, high downtime, if you're a customer facing application, you could be losing money. Your customers may churn and go somewhere else if you're down too often. And with the state of cloud cost reports is another report that we do annually that I get to help with. It's one of my passion projects. We see things like cross availability zone traffic can make up a lot of money on your bill. So, using an infrastructure tool or an observability tool can help you understand your traffic and how things are moving and flowing. And you can make things more efficient once you understand how things are working. Freeing up resources. Because the cloud provider now handles the infrastructure management, you don't have to worry about that anymore. But we also can take advantage of other tools that are there for software updates. And other tools for things like secret managers, which I highly suggest you take advantage of. Focus on your core business objectives. Once you can free up more of your human resources with things like taking advantage of maybe Cloud SQL, where you're not patching those databases, you can have people focus on other tasks for innovation, more features. Access to advanced tools and services. All the tools in the back end at Google that will help you stay flexible, elastic to help you scale to meet demands. And, of course, you can integrate with your tools that you already have. Your IDEs. You can integrate with Gemini that way, too. Just to help your developers become more efficient and move things along. Improve DevOps practices. Another one of my favorites. I love DevOps. Improving things like CI-CD. Helping your developers push code a little bit faster. And then enhance resource allocation. Making sure that we can take advantage of additional monitoring and optimization. So now we're going to move on to how to migrate, which is all of my favorite things. When I ask anyone out there how to migrate, it's usually I get a lot of different answers, but mostly it depends. That's what I call the consultant answer, by the way. If you ever ask me how to do something very specifically, I'll say it depends. Everyone's a little bit different. It's not always the same. Not everyone's moving from VMware into the cloud. Not everyone's in a brick-and-mortar data center. Now, there's multiple cloud migration strategies out there. If you ask me, I'm a big fan of pirates. There's a lot of Rs, so I love that. So there's usually six to seven Rs in a migration strategy that you can have. So love a good pirate joke. The first one, re-host. It's a strategy. It's there. It's not my favorite strategy. Mainly because it is probably, well, probably, and most likely is the most expensive option that you have out there. There's also, well, I didn't really define lift and shift. That's I take this bottle of water here. I put it over here. Same bottle of water. Very expensive. We used to call it web hosting 2.0. Re-platforming? A little more complex. You need more time to do things. You need to train your team how to re-platform your things, but moving from, like I mentioned, VMware to GCP. You need to change how things work. And then there's repurchasing. It's a fast migration. You take advantage of SaaS tools, different things out there, different database services. The con for this one is there's dependencies on different providers, and there may be some additional costs associated. Up next, here's a fun one. I like this one a lot. Oops. I hit my microphone. Re-architecting. That's where you try to make things a little more cloud native. That's probably why I like this one so much. Take advantage of things like Knative so you can take advantage of, like I said before, Cloud Run. Knative's an open source tool. Containers. You can run it on GKE and things like that. Then there's retain. It's where you keep things as they are. And then you look at GCP for new applications that you can build. Take advantage of things like Gemini. Build a new app on GCP while you may have things where they are. And then the most controversial of them all, retire. When you have something that's not providing you any value to the business, I'd take a look at it. It's usually the most fragile thing you have. If you look at it wrong, it tends to fall over. All right. I did mention learning before. Learning is incredibly important to me and everyone I know. Therefore, I want to point out that we are there are some tools that Google provides that will help you with your migration strategies. There is the Migration Center. They have tons of documentation on how you can get things put together. There is also a cloud adoption framework that they have that will help you through. Again, learning. Incredibly important with that. Learning how to scale and to move things along. And then getting that training. There is a training team downstairs. I love those guys. They are part of the labs team. You can take part in some hands-on activities to get things moving into the cloud. A lot of these items are free on Google Cloud. Take advantage of them. We also have a learning center that I will have a link for at the end. And we are building some new lab materials around GCP that you can use Datadog and GCP together for free just to learn how we can make some of this reality. We are getting to the strategies. This is the number one thing to do. If you are going to use Datadog to help you migrate. Step one. This page is important. It is telling you basically have your Datadog account. Set up a service account and integrate Datadog with it. That is going to be the most important thing. We are going to dive into that here. But first, I love this quote. If you plan to fail or if you fail to plan, you are planning to fail. That was by Benjamin Franklin. Maybe. There is no real evidence that he actually said it. But it is a quote. I love it. It is just really, really fun. All right. So, the planning. First up, like I mentioned before. Turn on that cloud integration. It is important. It is going to allow you to pull in everything from Google Cloud if you wish to. You can choose. Pick and choose what you want to pull in. You don't have to pull in everything. But you can. The most important thing is this. Have a tagging strategy. Document a tagging strategy. Cool tags to have. Environment, team, a lot more. We are going to dive deeper into that in a moment. But tagging is incredibly important. It is the one time I will always tell people you are doing it wrong. If you are not tagging, you are doing it wrong. Configuring dashboards. When you are migrating to the cloud, having a dashboard. Having a visual representation of what is going on. So, you can see at a glance. Very cool. Also, with our dashboards, you can configure reports to be sent on a schedule. That allows stakeholders to understand what is going on. And they don't have to log into anything. It just shows up in their e-mail. You can see that the team maybe moved three services yesterday. And it is just in their inbox. They don't have to do anything. It is already there for them. Establishing communication channels. For me, that is Slack. Turning on things like notifications for alerts. Something is not quite right. We can get notified right away. I mentioned first up, those integrations. There is the big one. There is the Google Cloud integration. There is 80 different integrations along with that. Why are they so important? It is data. It is metadata. It is pulling in those tags that you have built into GCP. It is pulling in the metrics from GCP from everything from VMs to load balancers to your buckets. I can't install an agent to get information on a bucket. But I can get that information from an integration. And beyond the GCP and Google integrations, there is over 850 integrations that will allow you to see a lot more. Tagging. These first three are unified service tags within Datadog. They are incredibly important. Environment. That is a good one. So, you know what is production and what isn't. There is service. So, when in doubt, use your application name. Is it a web store? Banking application? What does it do? Team, owner, and workload. They are going to help you understand and organize things so you know who to contact. I would use tags everywhere just to know who I need to talk to if something does go wrong. Because, spoiler alert, it will go wrong. Dashboards. We talked about that pretty deep. That is where I want you to have visual representation of what is going on. Turn on the reporting if you have stakeholders that don't want to go and look at it manually themselves. Or maybe they don't care to log into a tool like Datadog. Send them those reports. Communications channels for incident response. Biggie. You want to get everyone together on the same page as quickly as possible. And utilize the tags with that. When I have a team tag that's WebOps, I know to go to that team. I know to contact. I know exactly who to contact when I say WebOps. All right. Now we have gotten all that set. We are going to get the migration kicked off. So, step one. We set up the agent. The agent can unlock additional integrations. But the interesting thing about the Datadog agent is that with a virtual machine or GKE, it allows you to see inside those machines. And that unlocks things like CPU metrics, memory metrics, and it's very, very granular. It's going to send data, like, about every 15 seconds to the platform to be able to see things. You'll also see things like disk space, drive space, things like that. That will allow you to understand what's going on. Also, it's how you turn on tools such as APM, application performance monitoring. Configuring security tools. As soon as you can with Datadog, if you're using Datadog. Configure the security tools, especially posture management. Cloud posture management is going to help you understand where you are. If you're in compliant industry, maybe your GDPR, maybe FedRAMP, something along those lines. You need to understand where you are on that security spectrum. Building to that security is where I always start. Former federal government contractor, I would get handed a stack of papers and say, you have to build to this. So this helps you build to what you need if you're a compliant industry. Those dashboards and monitors will help you have alerts as soon as something goes wrong. You need to get notified or you need to notify the right teams. Synthetic tests is really fun. I could do a whole hour on synthetic tests. If you haven't heard of synthetic tests, it's where I can set up basically a container. I can point it at a website, any website, and then test specific things. I could do browser tests. My favorite synthetic test is the ability to set up a test that tests for when a certificate is going to expire. If you've ever had a cert expire, it happens at the wrong time. And that's usually when an executive goes to check a site. And for me, it's happened twice where the person that renews the cert has been on vacation. Never a fun time. You can get alerted in advance when something goes wrong. So synthetic tests, really awesome. Use them. And service level objectives. Do that as soon as you can. Set those SLOs up. Understand what's good to your customer. Right? My first Google Next, I believe it was 2018. And I got a sticker that said, reliability is set by the user. So definitely configure those SLOs. Do it early. Do it before you migrate. So you can have an SLO before and are you meeting that after you move to the cloud? Can you improve so you have some targets, things where you know, how can I get better? Observability gaps. This is where we're talking about having those integrations that we can unlock with both data dog, the agent, and a lot more. It's also where we enable the APM where I can see the end-to-end request of a customer. When I make a web request, maybe I hit checkout on that shopping cart. I see where the user clicks a button. I see where that calls to a database. I can see the whole trace all the way through end-to-end. It also helps us gather logs from the user requests, which is really important and cool. And, of course, cloud network monitoring is where we can see how our network is communicating. DNS requests, are we communicating to things we shouldn't? And maybe how we can make things a little more efficient. Because you don't want to spend a lot of money on external calls with GCP. So you can save a lot of money with your cloud network monitoring there. Security. Always build with security in mind. That's the key. I mentioned GDPR and other things like that, other compliant industry rankings. There's so many of them. PCI, DSS. Monitor that. Look at that. Make sure you're not shifting or deviating from that. Use tools like Terraform to build things in advance and just continue to build towards those secure environments. Make your data actionable. Please. As you migrate, there's going to be problems. Learn from that. Please. Make data actionable. What I mean there is make sure that you're looking at things that matter. If there's something that's irrelevant, you can dismiss it. But please, continue doing the good stuff. I talked a lot about synthetics. It's really cool. I really can't dive deep into synthetics here today. But we do have a booth downstairs where you can ask them about synthetic tests. And they are really, really cool. I highly suggest taking advantage of those. You can do a browser test. Making sure, like, one of the tests that I tend to make is where I set up a user. I log in. I make sure the language is correct and that the page loads in a reasonable amount of time. Really cool stuff. Document your workloads. Make sure that you're taking care of things in a reasonable amount of time for your end users. And make that an SLO. Improve your customer experience. Because if you're not taking care of your customers, they're not going to take care of you. Here's a quick example of one of my dashboards that I build when I help people with migrations. You can't see it, but down below is, like, my old environment. Then I have my new GCP environment up top. I always keep in mind my SLOs. I build my service level objectives from synthetic tests. All my alerts are there, too. Having a good idea of what's happening is always easy to find. You can also set them as a favorite and find them for later. So, here's a quick little easy example that I've built for some of my people internally. And now I get to do my Jerry Springer moment of saying, here's my final thoughts. Everybody's different. Every organization is different. Every cloud migration is going to be a little bit different. Not everyone's going to be a PCI compliant industry. Not everybody works for a university. Those migrations are going to be different. Understand your applications and things before you move. So, you can take action as you move. Understand where you can improve as you go along. And, of course, thank you for being here. I'm really happy to see you all here. There's a couple resources here starting off with that really cool blog about cloud migration and monitoring. There's a whole blog about how you can establish some really good actionable service level objectives. And there are learning centers down below there, too. The solutions there is how you get started with Datadog and Google Cloud. I see people taking pictures. So, I'll sneak over here. And I'll let you all take some pictures before I move the clicker on. Pictures, pictures, pictures. All right. And, of course, we have more coming up this week. We do have exploring and securing default service accounts of GCP. I very much recommend that one. That one's really cool. We have... So, you're in the cloud. Now what? Coming up. That's going to be on the expo floor. And then there's also a panel about using AI code assist tools. So, we have a QR code here. And, of course, our booth is 2140. Go there. Get a demo. Get a T-shirt. Ask about synthetic monitoring. Or anything you wish. They're also there. They can help you answer questions. There's an Ask the Experts booth. And, again, thank you. Please give us some feedback. That would be great. It's going to be in the app. And I'll hang out for a bit. If you want to ask questions off to the side. I'll be here for a little while. Thank you all for being here. Thank you all for being here.