 Welcome everyone, this is Pipe Martina from Google Cloud. Today we're going to be talking about advanced analytics for small teams. It's no surprise today that AI has taken over in the world, and of course every leader in all companies are struggling to rush into implementing AI in their enterprises. One challenge that we see is that most of these companies are still in the experimentation of phases of AI, and upskilling their employees has become even more and more of a challenge. When it comes to specific small teams, there's a couple nuances that make it even harder for them to bring in this new experience. One is the limited access to data, data silos, sprawl of data tools around. Second is the lack of data expertise. You might not have that skillful employee that is able to make the best out of that data. Finally, there's always budget constraints, and the cost of multiple tooling makes it even harder. That's where the GCP Unified platform comes into place. Looker, BigQuery, Vertex AI, those are all three products fully integrated with each other, powered by Gemini, that will bring and give your team what they really need to succeed in the East, New AI era. So now let's talk about some of these features that you should take home and start looking into right away from Looker and BigQuery. First, when it comes to BigQuery, centralizing your data, all these different data sets that you have in silos is key. So that's why the data transfer service in BigQuery makes it really easy and seamless for you to bring spreadsheets, Postgres or MySQL databases, third-party services like Salesforce or even Google first-party services like Ads or YouTube, and much, much more. Second, once you've landed that data into BigQuery and centralized data platform, you need to take care about cleaning that data. That's why we are announcing as the general available data preparation in BigQuery, which will leverage AI to help you clean up that data, bringing all those different SQL functions directly into the console for you in a visual experience. Once you have your data, how do you start actioning on it? BigQuery offers the... BigQuery offers... Once you've gotten your data into BigQuery, the next thing is start leveraging and generating insights. I'm pleased to share that BigQuery supports ML and AI integrations directly in the platform. You can use simple SQL code to train machine learning models, traditional machine learning models. But you can also use Gemini and other Gen AI toolings directly into BigQuery. You can run prompts against your data, and even you can run prompts against multi-modal data, like analyzing images, videos, audios, et cetera, all within BigQuery and using simple SQL syntax. Now, when it comes to your data, sometimes you don't even know what questions to ask for it. Or maybe you're busy working on thinking about other stuff or routine kind of dashboarding. BigQuery has now introduced data insights, which has a predefined and Gen AI generated list of questions that you didn't even think about asking your data sets. So those are all surfaced directly in the console, and the SQL is validated so you can start running. Now, not everyone knows SQL, and not everyone knows Python. That's where... That's the reason we've introduced Data Canvas. It's a visual experience that would allow your data analysts and any business users to navigate your data, join different data sets, run prompts against them, generate visualizations, and even the insights. You can then share it with your colleagues and share that analysis of what were the top trending products from last month. When it comes to Looker, there's no question that Looker brings the last mile of democratizing your data. Your business users can run BI analytics on their own, and they can create their own dashboards. So that gives you that next level of data democratization. Spreadsheets. It's a commonly used tool all across enterprises and companies. So today you can use spreadsheets directly on top of BigQuery data sets and directly on top of your Looker data platform as well. So that really democratizes data to the very last one of your employees and your business departments. Everyone can continue to work on spreadsheets, just leveraging connected sheets. Now, we've launched also conversational analytics for Looker, and that allows your users to have that agentic experience to interact with your data and generate insights. Last one is you can monetize that data. All the data journey and analysis, you can simply monetize it by embedding Looker dashboards or even while labeling the full platform. Thank you for listening.