 I'm sure it's been a long, hopefully a productive day, and we're at a home stretch. I'm Ava, and I lead Global Partnerships for Workspace, and I'm thrilled to welcome our amazing panelists here, Mayank Gandhi from Wayfair, Asal Elwich from Salesforce, and Sumit Garg from Atlassian. They all lead AI initiatives at their company. It's so great to have you all here today. Amazing to be here. Thank you. Awesome. Well, we'll kick it off with a brief overview from each of us, just to set the context before diving into panel discussion. Let's get started. Since generative AI took the spotlight a few years back, it has captured the world's imagination. However, the conversation is shifting. It's no longer just about getting wowed by the AI, but actually, and not just talking about it, but deploying it full steam ahead. So the focus now is harnessing the power of AI to deliver tangible results, specifically, measurable and scalable improvement in employee productivity. Realizing this urgent need to translate AI potential to actually tangible benefits, we have made a fundamental shift here at Workspace. The best of Google AI is now included in all of Workspace's business and enterprise plans. This is not some optional add-on or a separate tool that requires complex integration. AI Gemini is built directly into Gmail, Meet, Chat, Docs, and many more right where you work. What this means is that Gemini can summarize documents, draft emails, make your meetings even better with notes, etc., etc. In addition, we've actually included Gemini, which is our next generation AI, as well as Notebook LM+, a very powerful research assistant, all within your workspace structure. We firmly believe that AI's power to drive employee productivity is relevant to everyone in the organization, which is why we're so focused on creating and building AI-powered use cases that is tailored to address the unique needs of everyone in the organization, whether it's a salesperson closing deals, a marketing manager crafting campaigns, or an AI agent or service agent closing and addressing customer issues. AI actually has the role-specific context for each of these roles and can really empower everyone in the organization. As you look to leverage AI to drive employee productivity, though, you do have to face with an important and a crucial reality. That our work today is getting increasingly fragmented and research shows that an average employee has to navigate six different tools just to access the information they need to get their work done. This constant context switching and friction really hinders the very employee productivity that AI promises. This is why our partner ecosystem is so critical for us. We are working alongside our partners to create seamless workflows between workspace and our partner solution to really extend the value of AI and workspace. Over the last few years, we have invested very heavily into workspace extensibility platform. Our partners have taken advantage of that building integrations, which has actually led to six billion marketplace downloads. Today, I'm really excited to share that we're announcing the workspace connector platform. It's a really powerful new way of our partner ecosystem integrating with Gemini for workspace. The very first use case for this is actually Gemini extensions. Our very first partner, Salesforce, I'm excited to announce their extension is now live and available in marketplace. And Assal will do a very quick demo shortly. The most transformative addition to the connector platform, though, is workspace flows. It's a new way to automate work with AI agents in the loop. It not just empowers developers, but individual users to actually easily create multi-step agentic workflows. And our partner Atlassian is using workspace connectors as well as flows to automate work between Jira, and workspace, and some need will show that demo shortly. We have several more connectors coming up later this year from the partners shown, and I'm very excited to see them launch. AI is moving very fast and changing rapidly. And so it's very inspiring to see customers, especially using this very, very exciting technology, to solve business problems, real business problems. So I'm excited to have Mayank here from Wayfair, a very important customer for workspace, but also for Salesforce and Atlassian to talk about this. So Mayank, to get us started, tell us about Wayfair a little bit. Yeah. Hopefully you all know Wayfair. I have spent way too much money on it. But on the other side, I have a nicer looking home than I did when I was single. So I hope you all know Wayfair, but if you don't, we are one of the world's largest home retailers. We started in the business by selling products online and most recently in physical retail stores. We have millions of customers, over 30 million products in our catalog, which is a fairly large catalog. And a lot of this is powered by the technology that we both use from building personalized experiences for our customers, working with our suppliers and partners. My team helps empower a lot of that behind the scenes in terms of the last mile connectivity for our engineers, our analysts, our scientists, who are then subsequently building these intelligent experiences, helping you find that right perfect product quickly on one of our digital properties or in the physical store. But if you haven't tried Wayfair, go give it a try. It will help brighten your home. That's awesome. Thank you for sharing. You do have a very interesting title. Can you tell us a little bit about your role and also how you're using Workspace, Salesforce and Atlassian at Wayfair? Yeah, so I started by Wayfair running our machine learning platforms team. So largely dedicated to empowering our scientists and machine learning engineers. And most recently with generative AI, the opportunity was to sort of step back and say, why not everybody, regardless of the AI scale? And so one of the areas that now I lead is sort of our internal generative AI center of excellence. The intent of that team is basically to bring best of breed products, identify the right personas that they will benefit from, and honestly just basically help them adopt these products in their jobs. My role sort of spans our cloud and AI and data platforms that allows me to sort of serve almost every persona in some capacity even in the organization. And these folks are subsequently building the cool things that you all see when you go to wayfair.com. These are the folks that are building our apps, the websites, the supplier experiences, and bringing it all together. So I'd say it's a good opportunity to sort of play with new stuff, step back and sort of ask ourselves how will this add value? And a nine out of ten times, and this is probably the TLDR of my comments today, we don't know. What we do know is it's a transformative experience, and people who did not have the AI capabilities in the past now have the ability to do that, and that's where we are most excited, and some early examples of some really good innovation unlocks already in this space. The second question too, how are you using? How are we using? Well, so we're using Workspace quite a bit. We've been a Workspace customer for, I don't know, I think since I've been at Wayfair and much before that. It's second nature to how we collaborate and communicate within the organization. Gemini was just an amazing opportunity. Happy to tell you about it. We started when we sort of first saw it. We decided, okay, let's take a gander on it. We tried about 300-odd users. We sort of played with it and quickly realized this is a really easy way to sort of natively offer an experience to users that already use Workspace to start incrementally using it. That small little sort of unlocks that help a person sort of do their job a little bit faster, sort of lead up to a big velocity gain at some point. So that was sort of our starting point. Salesforce, we use Salesforce quite a bit on our B2B side of the business. It powers crucial sales operations for us. Our B2B agents along with our service design agents use this for lead prospecting and sort of the entire sort of sales operation side of it. Atlassian, well, I'm sure as many of you use it, we use it for most of our software development lifecycle. A lot of our knowledge repository is based on Confluent. So these are also very good connectors into context that exists in the organization and how we connect the dots over a period of time to sort of not make people jump through 15 different tools but still use them for what they are good at. But at the same time, bring that context in a stitched, easy to use experience. Maybe a developer looking for documentation in Confluence to maybe a sales agent looking for some context of how we do certain parts of our sales workflow. That's awesome. Thank you for sharing. Looks like you are really working on the context switching part already at Wayfair. Moving on to you, Asal. It would be great if you could touch on how Salesforce is partnering with Workspace and Gemini Extensions. Awesome. First of all, thank you so much for having me here. Thanks for all of you being here on Thursday afternoon. Thank you for being curious, wanting to still learn. I think first and foremost, I lead Sales AI and Conversational Intelligence for Salesforce. I'm here to talk about some of the recent product announcement that we have had. The way we use Gemini, I'm going to focus a little bit on the seller persona. We have about 25,000 sellers that are using Workspace. As you can imagine, for day-to-day collaboration across the team, closing the deal, working with their customers. So the product that we launched together is super, super crucial for them because it's going to help them accelerate relationship building, which ultimately helping them close the deal. So a little bit about this product. I think we need to start reimagining what Salesforce in Gemini could be about a year and a half ago. And we went back and forth and we wanted to build something that really brings the best of Salesforce and Google Workspace together. Knowing that sellers are always on the go. They're not probably just like within their CRM or working in their CRM. So how do we bring the CRM to them and making sure that they are able to basically capture all of the data, all of the conversation that they have into their CRM? The very first iteration of the product that is generally available if you're a Salesforce customer, Workspace customer, and download the extension, is allowing sellers to actually access the Salesforce natively through the Gemini experience. You can create lead, you can update your record in Salesforce, and you can really work with your lead with the context of CRM, which is really powerful personalizing all of that experience. I'm going to walk us through a little bit of a demo of what the experience looks like. Let's imagine Raj at Wonder Widget is curious about a product. With the Gemini generic experience, you get a really amazing quick action. But the beauty of this experience and extension is very sales specific. As you notice that you click on the nudge and you're able to basically get a sales specific summary and brief in terms of what this lead is interested to learn. Super critical. If you can see the pain point that Gemini has summarized, it keeps the conversation very, very focused. It also suggests some key actions. We all know that AI is great, but we want AI to work for us, to tell us what we can do better. So in this case, Gemini is recognizing three important actions, researching the company, which is super critical to understand whether the lead is a fit or not. Before you can take any other action within your CRM. Typically, sellers do go through dozens of tools to get all of this information in and out of CRM. The second thing is really tracking the lead in Salesforce, creating a record, and the native experience and connection, bringing these two products together. So behind the scene, the magic is understanding that whether this lead exists or not in the Salesforce and bringing that context. So this is super important in data hygiene, which is important in the output of AI that you need to create. And then last but not least, helping you draft a sales email or respond back to your lead, basically with the context of CRM. Let's say in this case, a very quick overview of researching the company. As I mentioned, that seller typically, they get out of their CRM, they go search a lead, they want to bring all of this information back. But now this is really embedded in the flow of their work. And then when they decide that they want to work on this lead, they can quickly do a check to figure out if this lead exists in CRM. If it doesn't, they can quickly create their lead right from the Gemini, which is super, super, super powerful and seamless. Huge, huge productivity gain. And CRM hygiene, which we all love. And last but not least, you may have seen or I hear a lot from our sellers that they put kind of, you know, email in a chat GPT or different types of tools to figure out how to personalize the email. The beauty of this experience is that we brought that into the flow of work and ground them with the CRM data. So the response you send to your lead, whether it's a fit, high quality lead or not high quality, it's all grounded in the conversation that maybe someone had with that lead previously. And last but not least, we renewed our partnership. We are committed at Salesforce and Google to bring best of the two worlds together and create a trusted AI experience for our shared partners and customers. Thank you so much for sharing that. I cannot wait to see how it essentially evolves over time. Super excited for that. Yes, we have been already talking about and reimagining the next version of it. I think just very quickly, we have started in Gmail just because Gmail is super critical. We know that most of work and relationship is being done. Conversation is being done there, but we're not stopping there. We're getting that into the rest of work space and hopefully into agent course very soon. Awesome. Why don't we give the spotlight to Samit to go over Atlassian? Cool. Hi, everyone. I'm Samit. I'm principal PM at Atlassian, also known as a GR company. Sometimes we build a brand name Atlassian. I work on a central AI product. But just to give you an idea of what Atlassian does and what we're all about, quite frankly, we started 20 years ago focusing on engineering and IT teams. And over the last 20 years of working with a lot of our customers, we realized it actually takes a lot of teams within a company across leadership, finance, marketing, everybody who's going to work together to get the job done and working in harmony. So as a result, over the last 20 years, we have built a product suite as a system of record or a system of work that helps all these teams to get together, plan, orchestrate, execute the work, and then actually do knowledge sharing. So in that realm, we have Atlassian Jira, Confluence, Loom, and some of our travel products. Now, we believe Genia has the power to transform how teams get the work done. So in service of that and sort of building on what I was mentioning with Gemini, last year we built and rolled out Atlassian Robo product, which had search at an agent for the teams to kind of collaborate. And as was announced just yesterday in our own conference that was happening at the same time in Anaheim, Atlassian Robo is now available to all of our customers for premium and enterprise and will be rolling out to them fairly soon with no additional purchase required. Kind of same sentiment. And so we believe this is something you've got to have and start using it to transform how work gets done. And in this journey, we are excited to partner with Google Workspace to have, in this case, the Google Workspace data be searchable from the Robo Search interface. And Robo Agents essentially allow you to get work done where you are. You'll kind of see that thread kind of run through a lot of the conversations you're having. Like you shouldn't need to go to AI. AI kind of goes where you are. So Robo Agents kind of operate when you're in the context of JIRA, your team is managing JIRA backlog or whether it be making sure your JIRA issues all conform to your enterprise guidelines on how should all the fields that need to be populated in JIRA, how should they be formatted and everything else. So you can have, in this case, a readiness checker agent that can run on all the JIRA issues, make sure that they are conforming to the enterprise guidelines, fix them in case it's not conforming to it, and move on. So it basically helps a lot of those processes where your employees are. And in automating all these workflows, we're excited to partner again with Google to have these Robo Agents take actions not just on Atlassian apps, which is like JIRA Confluence, but also across Google Workspace apps. So in context of a JIRA, it could actually go trigger a meeting or trigger an email, all in the context of the JIRA and Confluence products. Now, as I just mentioned, we believe AI should come to you. And we realize you're not spending your entire day in JIRA. Like, even though we'd love you to spend the entire day in JIRA, like, you're probably doing Google Docs, you're doing Gmail, and so on. So we want to bring your data to where you are. So when you're in JIRA, as we just talked about, you can access AI that we are building in. But when you're in the Google context, in the Gmail or in Google Workspace, you should have access to your JIRA data, your Confluence data right there and then. So in that spirit, we are excited to be the launch partners of this Google Workspace Connector platform. So coming soon would be access to your JIRA from within Gemini. When you go through Gemini in Gmail, in this case, you can basically create an email. Sorry, create a JIRA issue from email without leaving the whole Google context. So no more context switching. AI comes to you. JIRA connectors available. You can go file a JIRA ticket from right there and then. And similarly, on the Workspace flows, which is incredibly powerful, by the way, you get a Google Form coming in, filled in. You can now set it up so that you, as soon as a form response comes in, you can go have a JIRA ticket filed. And so your R&D teams or IT teams can actually pick it up and start the execution work. All of this is going to build upon all the exciting partnerships that we have, all the integrations we've already built with Google, such as like smart chips and so on. So it's like, in a great time, I think we're all moving in the direction of bringing AI to where you are versus you having to do context switching, you know, and just make things like a lot easier and productive for the enterprises. I really like that theme. AI should come to you. AI should come to you. You don't have to go to the AI, right? But thank you for sharing that. And really can't wait for the connector, the JIRA connector to launch later this year. Why don't we switch gears now and move to the panel discussion, my favorite part. We'll start the first question with you, Mayang. Tell us a little bit about how Wayfair is using AI across your organization. In particular, we'd love to hear where the adoption is highest, which part of the organization, which functions are using it most. Yeah. I think from a function perspective, it's fairly uniform. I think different teams are in different stages of experimentation. I would classify Wayfair's adoption of AI sort of in three parts. Experiences that we're building for suppliers and customers. How are they better, more context-aware, more intelligent. Personal productivity for individuals in the company and the teams. And then streamlining our own internal business functions and processes. So let's take the first one, which is the customer and supplier experience. So let's imagine you are looking for this amazing product to spruce up your home. If you're anything like me, you kind of know what you want, but you don't really know what search terms to use for it. I don't know. I can't really tell from a farmhouse to a contemporary, honestly. But at the same time, I know if I see it, I know that's what I want. And so this is where a lot of our generative AI investments have been is we recently, or it's been a bit now, launched a product called Muse, where it contextually generates unique styles that you can look at and then go shop for those products. You can even upload your own stylistic image for it and it will help you find those right products fairly quickly. Now, that's pretty impactful when you think about the product catalog is 30 million plus products. So for helping you find that right thing fairly quickly, it's an impactful experience for the customer. And so if you sort of build upon that further, the product catalog, as I talked about it, it's a fairly big catalog. Keeping it up to date, keeping it clean and high-rich in quality is another big investment for us. So we've been actually using Gemini to both improve existing listings as well as catalog product attributes fairly autonomously at this point. And that sort of resulted in manual effort being reduced to keep these catalogs up to date by almost 67%. And that's a meaningful shift in keeping both the catalog accurate as well as improving our ability to make it in richer. Now, further, let's go to the next step. You place an order. Let's say you have a question about it. You want to get some support for it. This is where we are equipping our service agents to help answer your product questions faster. We have equipped them with context-aware systems where they can find order information, product information much faster, which then subsequently leads to quick conversations, quicker, better, richer conversations, and higher customer satisfaction. And so it sort of goes through across the customer journey in subtle and more direct ways where generative AI has started, and AI in particular has started playing a pretty important role. Marketing and search and recommendations is an area that historically we've used machine learning quite a bit with. I was talking to our head of data science, Patrick, in marketing, and he was telling me how excited he is to now, with wider context, which models getting higher context window, and ability to sort of churn through multi-modality context as input. So it's becoming a very interesting value proposition to step back and say, can I fully understand longitudinal customer journey with Bayfair? Where can I insert intelligence along the way to make it better? So those are places that we are already using and investing next. Now, if you take the personal productivity side of things, this is where products like GEMs and native workspace integrations have been little unlocks. And don't get me wrong, little unlocks is not a bad thing. It starts with those little unlocks at an individual level where we are starting to see big unlocks come from teams, where they're starting to ask the question, wait, it can do this? Can it also do that? And I think that's where the first step for us has been is equipping people with those tools and starting to sort of getting them to ask the question, where can this help me? And last but not the least is on the business operations side of things. And a good example that comes to my mind is our legal and compliance teams. So we sift through customer feedback, millions of customer feedback, and identify patterns of products that probably are unsafe to be on our platform for sale. So that has massively sped up our compliance and monitoring process where we are finding these products, putting them through the process sooner and potentially taking them off of our platform. So in combination, it's from the customer's applier journey to individual productivity and as well as business process sort of optimizing that. I think the last one which gets, it sort of is the less cool one. I'm personally a big believer that's where the massive opportunity in Gen.AI exists. The amount of context that's in your company already there waiting to be unlocked by these tools, by the people who understand this best, they are the domain experts in it. That's the key part of it. And that's been the journey we've been on for about a year. We're starting to see some early dividends of that. That's very exciting. I think next time I'm shopping in Wilt, I'm definitely using Muse. Yes, please. Because I'm like you, can't tell the different design styles and so forth. So anything, Sal, Sumit, you'd like to add? I think I love the fact that you're kind of like highlighting how it's going across the organization. It brings value into the internal stakeholders and then they kind of accelerate the value that you produce. for your customers and users. I particularly, what resonated the most with me is how you were kind of like refining the catalog. Things that could not necessarily be helpful for customers or harmful in a way. And expediting that process of kind of, you know, catching all of those, you know, harmful listing probably. I know back in the days at Amazon, this was really hard thing to solve. I mean, we didn't have a really great AI back then. Yes, machine learning was there, but it was quite long journey to kind of, you know, catch all of those bad actors and bad listing. That really clicked with me that how AI can bring such a protection for the end user and consumer. Yeah, I mean, I honestly, like I think you all are probably experiencing this. Problems that were unsolvable or very expensive to solve with large research teams. Yes. Can, you can probably get there 80% of the way with a very well written prompt. And I think that's the, I mean, if nothing else, it is a great MVP tool. Right. To just sort of know, can I solve this? And then sort of put in the effort to go to the next 20% and try to make it a perfect solution. In the interest of time, I'm going to move on to the next question. And this one, Asal, we'll start with you. What is the process that Salesforce used to align your AI initiatives to your business goals? And how did you make sure that you got tangible results? Great question. I think Salesforce has done a phenomenal job of like bringing customer in the innovation process. One example for me, I attended Dreamforce, my first Dreamforce, and it was mind blowing to see that our founder and CEO is still to this date, sits with the customer in the demo booth, seeking feedback. Wow. That was wow. It was actually, like I have worked for, in my 15 years in product. I've never seen someone so dedicated in bringing customer and voice of customer and really infusing it into the product. Like, it was amazing. So, and I think there are various ways that we take measurement. We do have, I mentioned, we have 25,000 sellers that they use our AI products. We do have sales influencer community or agent blazer, we call them now. These are a series of sellers that are really AI enthusiasts. They love Salesforce. They love the technology. They love to learn. They love to learn. And so we kind of like tapping to those, you know, their passion and potential and educating them and helping them educate our customer, helping them educate the rest of the company. And through that, we're kind of like bringing those voice, like the voice of sellers. We're kind of in a way drinking our own champagne. Before any product see the light of the day, it is tested by our own sellers who are selling Salesforce to our customer. So thank you for being our customer. So we take that very seriously. It comes down from mark to all the way product people, technology folks that are building the product and those who are selling it. So customers who went into every piece of innovation at Salesforce. And that's how the accountability happens. Yes. Okay. Anything you'd like to add from Atlassian's perspective? Just a couple of things. One, I would say we were always doing AI stuff, but it was kind of distributed organically, just sprouting across different teams. So one of the things that we saw with Gen AI with like the huge transformation can have across the company, you have centralized into a team that can go really deep and understand the space and then be the thought leader and kind of spread it across organizations. So that was one. So that there's like no, like we're like a 14,000 person company, not as large as of course Google, but you know, still teams will run in different directions if you let them. So that was one piece. So that was one piece of the thing that we focused on. The other thing we focused heavily on, which probably comes from our roots as being a product led growth company. We focus a lot on user value and we believe users vote with their feet as in they use it if they see value. So on an ongoing basis, we keep measuring what is the monthly active users, how and what is their attention? Do they use it weekly? Do they use it monthly? Do they use it daily? And that tracks, we run a lot of online experiments, but every single thing, we're not looking at dollars made. We are looking at usage and that feeds into a lot of things. So we are starting to see like value from it. So for example, first wave of Gen AI, you can argue every document you can summarize. That's great. Like awesome. Everybody can now summarize. But now we are seeing this next stage of it where you go from just summarizing to actually a lot of people don't want to just summary because they've seen the document before. They want to see what has changed since I last saw it. So that's the page catch up. So we released a feature called page catch up. So you go to a conference page. We know when you last visited the page. And we tell you here's a delta from when you last visited the page to now what has changed. That's very smart. And then you're in a big company, a lot of collaborations happening. You know, you keep reading those 10 page documents and summary becomes a little bit of a wash. So those are the kind of things that kind of helps us move the needle in the direction where users see tangible value and we measure it using, you know, user usage and like just repeat usage. It's interesting how I think both of you are saying the same thing. You refer user and you refer customer. But at the end of the day, it's the end user customer. Yeah, that totally makes sense. Just a heads up. This is my last question. Afterwards, we'll take audience questions. So please start thinking. But this question, I will start with you. Okay. How is Atlassian thinking of change management? How did you handle that for AI adoption? And especially around like employee training, upskilling, reskilling. So if you could touch on that, that would be great. Sure. Yeah, it actually kind of goes back to our roots as a company where we're mentioned just product led growth company where we it's not it's some decisions get made top down, but it really we spread it out and see how the employees are using the technology. So it slowed the process a bit, but we rolled out our chat solution internally that global product that I talked about. And we were dog putting it for a while, but internal usage did take a while. Like people were using, you know, people have their patterns. We are humans. We are creatures of habit. You know, you just keep forget, you forget that this is how you got to use it. So over time, as people start to use it, we made products better. There was a word of mouth publicity inside the company. And now we're seeing off the users are using chat. I agree. Not everybody uses it. 70% of them are using it on a weekly basis. So that's like a great like rhythm and ritual that has built out in the company. Again, like very much bottoms up and we're letting people with their feet. There's massive internal feedback that comes in often not, you know, HR compliant, but we take it, we improve it and we, you know, we get more advocates for ourselves. So it's very much bottoms up. And as a result, we have chanced upon some very interesting things. So one small quick thing was like the most used usage in our company was thing that everybody hated the most, which was performance reviews. Happened twice a year. Everybody hates writing performance reviews. We made an HR, we made an AI agent to help you write your own performance reviews and for managers to actually go through employees, massive performance reviews and succinctly bring it out to like three points. Should this person get promoted or not kind of thing that got the most usage in the entire company and that got people motivated to start using it more. That's hilarious. Some of my team is here. So maybe next time I'm doing the performance reviews, I should be using AI. Yes. Anything to add Mayank, Asal? I think change management is an interesting thing. To me, it's less of a change. It's more of an introduction to a completely new paradigm of working. It starts from the top. It starts from the bottom. You know, our executives are all leaned in. Fiona, who's our CTO. Matt, who's my manager. Like these guys are using it themselves. They're setting an example of saying, I'm going to use it. I think you should try it too. And then sort of recognizing that there's going to be a cohort of people who are just going to be like, wow, this is amazing. They're going to be like, some will be like, I don't know. And some will be like, never. There's just any technological change and something as big as this, you're going to get that. And so for us, it was important to sort of recognize we can't just like roll it out and hope or roll it out with some training, which we did with Google. But to find those like local champions within those departments. One of my team members, Marlee, is here. She helped set this up, which was like, there's local champions who understand the job functions that people are doing. What's the local context? Be the local support person, right? Make it okay to use it. Make it okay to try this thing. And that's where we started seeing sort of adoption. It's like we found that in the first three to four weeks, if somebody tried it at least a couple of times a day or in some cases, a few times a week, the adoption rose. And those who sort of fell out of the channel were just people who tried it and were like, I don't know what. I still remember my first prompt. I was like, I don't know what to write. I just wrote how many stars are in the universe. Like so because you don't know what you're writing. It's a very different language. It's English, but it's a different way of approaching. And it sort of takes a mental switch when that happens and you start getting that adoption. And I think that's essentially what we are seeing in our user base is spending time and sort of helping that sort of click happen, both grounds up and top down, making it okay, giving people the tools. And that's where we're starting to see adoption and engagement grow. Any gamification, like leaderboards, that sort of thing? Yeah, I think all of that is a part of the mix. I think we do that. A lot of the things our teams do that. I think those are good sort of local initiatives. Honestly, like I'm a maybe I'm obviously a bullish person on this technology. I think once you try and once you start using it, I think the gamification is maybe how do I write my performance review amazing this year type of thing. And by the way, we did a similar pilot as well. And the intention was not to necessarily say write a different type of review, but it was to say not everybody's a great writer. You've done some good work. You know what the job family expectations are. How do you bring that together in the most articulate fashion? And I think that's where a lot of work our teams did is helping people think about those prompts and helping people think about it and sort of letting them step back and say, yep, that's reflects me like that's it's the honest representation of my work. But maybe I'm not a great writer. And now I have this assistant that can help me do that. Makes a lot of sense. Makes a lot of sense.