 See this box? This is our anti-financial crime AI solution. It's capable of amazing results, benchmark-breaking results, results that impress even the most discerning of customers. How do we know this is possible? Because it's exactly what we delivered at HSBC. But how do we make this happen, when today's rules-based solutions generate a ton of alerts and are rampant with false positives? And while monolithic AI solutions seem impressive, there's no transparency into how they work. The outputs are not explainable, and that makes them hard to trust. Traditionally, solutions bolt on AI to their rules-based systems to rank alerts, complement rules, or optimize rules. These approaches are more expensive, less sophisticated, and ultimately riskier. But our solution is different, because we thought about the problem differently. We built a new technology, from the ground up, that goes beyond rules to detect money laundering. We use AI to score customers, not just their transactions, which gives you a better rate of detection, better accuracy, and lower cost of ownership than traditional solutions. And AML AI is tuned just for you. All you need to do is bring your data. AML AI creates private and secure models for you with your data, and only your data, identifying risk patterns in a matter of hours, not weeks. We have an entirely new technique, where your model represents the risks you care about most. Let's take a look inside. With this solution, you can find the exact dimensions of risk that are important. By choosing the examples of risk and letting AML AI learn from those examples, shaping the model to your needs, so you can identify that risk more efficiently and effectively. To do this, AML AI looks across years of behavior for every one of your millions of customers, like customer and transactional data, to identify different combinations of behaviors that are suspicious. That's billions of different permutations used to paint a more complete picture than today's solutions. And because it's a glass box, you get detailed information to understand how the model is painting that picture. AML AI creates a risk score for each of your customers, and each of those risk scores is fully explainable. For example, if the model generates a high risk score for a customer, we see why the model thought that party was suspicious. Like in this case, ratio of transaction types was the biggest contributor to the risk, guiding your analyst to what they should investigate, whether that was some underlying pattern in their transactions across their accounts, someone else they interacted with, or a combination of complex events. All this means a better representation of risk at that moment in time, and a better explanation of that risk. It's proven, highly explainable, and trustworthy AI that was built with regulatory compliance in mind. And it's clear-cut. Flexible, reliable, transparent. Delivering more of what you want and less of what you don't. Clearly. Welcome, everyone, to our AI and banking session. My name is Anna Kniznik, and I lead product in our Applied AI team, where we build AI-powered enterprise applications, like the one that you just saw. I'm very excited to introduce our distinguished expert leaders that are joining me on stage today. First, we have Carol Hall. Carol is the vice president and global head of money laundering risk detection at Scotiabank, a financial leader. Her impressive career spans three and a half decades, taking her across international borders and multiple roles in diverse areas of finance. Her extensive experience encompasses roles in operational risk as well as market risk, and it provides her with a very unique and holistic perspective on the topic that we have in discussion today and the overall challenges that the financial industry is facing. Carol is also the executive sponsor of our groundbreaking partnership with Scotiabank on the Google AMLAI journey. Please join me in welcoming Carol. Thank you. Thanks. Next we have joining us Andy Oates, who is a partner at Deloitte UK, where he leads the firm's financial crime practice. Andrew specializes in helping customers enhance and transform their financial crime frameworks, and his deep expertise ranges from AML, KYC, sanctions, fraud, bribery, and corruption. And over the years, what Andy has seen is an unprecedented change, and he is helping customers navigate it. Today, he sees that financial crime has exploded. It's become increasingly dynamic. It's driven by, obviously, geopolitical instability as well as advanced technology in the hands of bad actors. And so I would love to welcome Andy to the stage. All right. Thank you both for joining us so much. So to start, I wanted to note that we are united by a powerful mission to safeguard our communities and to pursue those who seek to exploit our financial system. If you look back at your careers, what was that initial spark that attracted you to what is a very complicated space, especially in the face of increasingly rapidly sophisticated threat vectors and the fact that you have to continuously combat financial crime? We'll start with you, Carol. Sure. Thank you. Well, I kind of landed in this arena by accident. It was a fortunate accident in my view, but I certainly hadn't set out to travel down this path at the beginning of my career. I was acting in the role of chief operating officer at another international financial institution when they had to start down their journey of remediation of some very significant financial crime issues. And I got brought into that initiative to run it for my division. And I've never looked back. I think what I realized as I got deeper into it is it's not just about fixing processes, getting data to move faster, creating models that are going to generate more revenue for the organization. We're dealing with things on a daily basis like human trafficking, like the fentanyl crisis, child sexual exploitation, all of those kinds of activities that in a banking role you would never expect that you would have an opportunity to play a role in disrupting that activity and trying to stop the funds from flowing through the financial system. So that's kind of how I landed here. And as I say, I haven't looked back. Thank you. Andy, what fuels your passion in this fight? It fuels my passion. So I guess the initial spark came from probably my first engagement working in financial crime. I'm a data and technology engineer by heart. But I think five years into my career, one of my first projects in financial crime was working for the top UK bank on one of the first UK OFAC investigations. And that was really the first time that I'd used data and used technology to investigate a financial crime problem, quantify that problem, and then report that problem to the regulators. And it was from that point onwards that I became hooked on using my expertise, which is taking data, on solving financial crime problems. And I think, you know, looking at my past 20 years of working in this sort of industry, I don't think I've ever realized a time of so much change, so much geopolitical activity going on, rapid advancements in technology, and that technology is being used by criminals to do things better, quicker, and smarter, but also financial institutions to try and stop those guys doing it quicker, smarter, and better as well. So I think it's a fantastic time to be working in this sort of area. And then I think on top of that as well, there's more of a realization that what we're doing here, financial crime, it's not just a victimless white-collar crime that's being done, but it's being perpetrated by serious criminal networks. We're doing this at large scale, and they're committing some of the most horrendous crimes that we're seeing on TV and on the news on a daily basis. So that's what drives me, and that's what drives my passion to help organizations with financial crime issues. Definitely not a victimless crime. And in this space, people are driven by mission, by purpose. I would say completely obsessed with disrupting a criminal network. In a good way. In a good way, yeah. On my team, I have mission-driven people, and even in pilots, as we pilot this product, we are finding very real issues. So it's something that we're all positively obsessed about. However, these behaviors are changing over time. So Carol, back to you. As you think about what the industry is facing right now, what are the most critical risks that the industry is facing? Yeah, that's a difficult one because there are so many. And I think, you know, setting aside the nature of the criminal activity we're dealing with and the risks associated there, what's actually being perpetrated, I think I would focus on three things. The first one is pace of change, and Andy referred to it. I think not only do we have a point of inflection in, I think, the technology landscape where movement of money and movement of funds and assets has become much more democratized. It's not necessarily all these large financial institutions that have traditionally been there, but now there are a lot of emerging other parties that are enabling money to move very quickly and somewhat anonymously through the markets, and that's difficult for us to keep up with and to understand. At the same time as that's changing, the other aspect is criminals are not that reliable. You can't depend on them continuing to do the same thing over and over again. They're going to find new ways. They're going to find them quickly. They're going to exploit them easily, and we have to keep up with that, and so that's one of my greatest challenges and concerns as we move to strengthen our capabilities is can we keep up with the pace of change and what tools are we going to need to be able to do that? The second area really is related to data. I think that in order for us to do as good a job as we want to do, we really need to have very solid, very complete, very robust data, and Scotiabank's an organization that's been around for 190 years. It's grown internationally by acquisition, and our data looks like that. It looks like the data of a 190-year-old organization that's added a lot of businesses by acquisition over decades, so that becomes very challenging to harness all of that information to actually be able to do our jobs, and then the third thing that I think is a key forward-looking concern is how are we as an industry going to get better at this? What kind of collaboration can we begin to implement that is going to make sure that we're not just individual financial institutions trying to fight this and trying to identify and address it on our own, but we need to be working more collaboratively with our regulators, with the governments, and with other financial institutions. We don't typically, as banks, share data about our clients with our direct competitors, but this is a different scenario, and under certain circumstances, we ought to be leveraging it for the ultimate end goal that we're all working for. So they're the concerns I have, things that sort of keep me up at night at the moment. This is definitely a communal problem. It's very different from any other use case that you see. And now you have an even more sophisticated adversary, essentially. Yes. Andy, you work with a wide variety of financial institutions. What are you seeing as the most critical pain points that leaders are experiencing as they try to scale their AML programs, especially in the face of an AI-driven, sophisticated adversary? Yeah, yeah. And I talk about AML operations and some of the key challenges that I see there. And, you know, for me, the AML ops are facing kind of a perfect storm at the moment. They've got so much to adapt to, so much to cope with. But I think some of the critical points that I'd say most of the organizations that I'm working with are kind of facing, similar to what you said, Cal, the evolving criminal tactics, that's the first one to me. Criminals are just super agile and highly motivated by these large monetary gains. So all the banks struggle to keep up with the pace of how these criminal tactics change, especially when they're using some of these older traditional methods of monitoring and surveillance. So keeping up with that agile and the evolving criminal tactics is just very, very hard to do. I think the second piece is just around the sheer volume of false positives, high false positives rates. That leads to a lot of kind of fatigue amongst analysts. It's not uncommon for large banks to have tens of thousands of KYC and transaction monitoring alerts per month to people to look at. And that means a massive allocation of banks' resources. So look at those. Alerts, and that's often kind of low-value repetitive tests, huge sums of time spent on this with very little value obtained. And then I think some of the other challenges I see, surging volumes and shifting risks, global landscape, it's in constant flux. First, we had the pandemic, geopolitical instability that's happening, shifting payment patterns. You look at what's just happening over the weekend in the markets. You know, those surge volumes, operations teams aren't set up for that. So it's very challenging for them to deal with it. And then I think probably a couple of just quick final ones. The first risk of missing that needle in the haystack, all these false positives. You've got analysts going through them throughout the day. They want to get home. There's a real risk of missing the killer alert that people need to look at. And I think that's a major problem that people are trying to deal with. And then the final one would be the war of talent. You know, trying to attract and retain skilled AML resources is harder than ever. And then when you get them up and running and then they're really affected and looking at new technologies to do things differently, if organizations and operations teams don't do that, then they often jump ship and look for different things to do. So with that, with all of those challenges, how are you seeing your clients actually leverage advanced technology like AI machine learning? And where do you see AI delivering value and actual significant value that people can point to? Yeah, so I'll probably start by saying that there's a huge amount of interest to apply advanced AI in AML, but also across financial crime in general. I think that's just been accelerated by all the hype around Gen AI over the last 12 to 18 months or so. But I'd say many of the organizations that I'm working with, they've been using machine learning and AI of some sort for some time, but I think most of their primary focus has been on using AI to automate manual tasks or to optimize current processes to make them a little more efficient. So there's some great examples, a couple to call out. One is around narrative generation of cases in transaction margin and KYC. So the automatic collection of information for analysts, writing their notes for them and compiling them for audit purposes. That saved a huge amount of time from an analyst's point of view. And then probably the second one, a key one that we've seen a lot of is machine learning models on the top of traditional monitoring systems to perform level one reviews or try to reduce a number of false positives out there as well. But to me, if you take a step back, what that's doing is just kind of repeating past approaches we're doing it a bit more efficiently and a bit more effectively. And it's not really, you know, making or maximizing the opportunity that's in front of us at the moment with the AI and technology that's out there. So what we're starting to see and what I believe is making a bit of a shift in the industry is that the challenger machine learning and AI models are starting to be favored as a primary or are being favored as a primary detection engines, which is a real shift. So moving away from the traditional rules-based approaches to monitoring KYC and then looking at this new, more holistic approach. And to me, this is a bit of a reset moment. Probably a once-in-a-generation opportunity to use AI and cloud to do something differently across the financial crime space. So I think what we should be doing when we talk about AI transformation or AI business transformation is taking that step back, thinking about what are the low-value activities that we can replace. And we're only doing those low-value activities because we've been doing them for years and then thinking about how we can do this differently. So a couple of key shifts that I can see are real beneficial to using AI. The first would be a move to intelligent, less-led risk management. And what I mean there is proactively identifying emerging threats, understand how criminals are adapting to new technologies and new regulations and adjusting organizations, risk assessments, and control environments more rapidly. If you look at how that's done today, it can take months for new typologies to be known and then reflected in people's control environments. So I see a lot more dynamic approach to risk assessment. And then I think that's making use of external data and third-party data. I think if you look internally, then you can use AI to become more of a client lifecycle, automated client lifecycle, management processes, and then integrated monitoring as well. So we've seen a lot more holistic approaches to pulling together and reducing silos of how traditional monitoring is done. Usually it's done by looking at fraud, by looking at sanctions, by looking at AML. What we've seen is all that information all together into a risk score for a client and then using that to identify your more risky client population. So a real shift in the way this monitoring is conducted. And I believe that's the key way forward, the most effective way forward for using AI to transform the processes. Thank you. When we started this journey with our product, I think we looked into where is the value and where is the pain point. And I think the initial inclination was to automate some of the road tasks like data aggregation, et cetera. But we quickly realized that the key is in detection, detection reimagined from the first principles of essentially empowering humans to do what we do best, which is judgment, and then allowing the machines to do what they do best, which is applying that judgment at scale. And so between that and the holistic approach, meaning looking at Andy rather than looking at, you know, what products do you have, I think that is the shift that we're seeing and we're also driving. Thank you for that. So we've talked about the problem. So Carol, there's a lot of, I mean, this conference and we're in the market too. You're hearing a lot of solutions, a lot of products talk about we're going to revolutionize AML. How do you cut through the noise? What are you looking for when you evaluate a partner, evaluate a product? What are you seeing as impactful AI technology evaluation criteria? Well, you're right. It's quite overwhelming, actually. I've never been to a conference like this and seeing just the sheer volume of vendor solutions that are out there, the topics that are being discussed, it blows my mind just how much is happening in the AI space alone, never mind other areas. And I think one of the challenges for folks like us who are trying to find the best way to leverage that technology is who are we going to work with? There are so many choices and each may have a particular value to us, but pulling them all together, making them all work together, that can be challenging. And I'm not a technical person, so I rely fully on my tech teams to support us in going through that process. But from an end user perspective, what we're looking for is a vendor that can bring a product or a suite of products to us that are going to deliver ultimately on the key things that matter to us. We need to find a better solution to finding bad guys. We need better performance out of our resources. we need higher effectiveness. We want to strengthen and develop superior detection capabilities. And so we need in a partner an organization that can support us in finding that and leveraging it to the best of its and our ability. We also need to ensure that this is a journey. As I said in my previous comments, criminals aren't predictable. Crime changes, it morphs. There are new emerging typologies every day. We need to be able to adapt to that. We need to be able to change and respond to that. We need to be able to do it quickly. And we want to work with a partner who's in it for the long term and who is as committed as we are to continuing to build out the technical capabilities because they are changing constantly as I can now see. And helping working with us to bring our subject matter expertise to the technical solution, marrying them together and making the best possible outcome. We also though have to be very conscious of our regulatory environment and for those who are in this industry and who follow the news, there is a great deal of attention on the activities that banks are undertaking at the moment and the effectiveness of their monitoring and detection of these risks. And we're all suffering from the legacy data problem, the legacy approach to monitoring clients, but in order for us to be able to move forward, we have to get the regulators to buy in and to acknowledge that this is an appropriate way forward that actually has more benefit than it has downside. And so working with a partner that can support that by developing a robust product that's got good documentation behind it, that is clearly architected and easy to understand, I think is going to be critical. We haven't reached that stage yet in our process, but that's going to be critical to what we do. And ultimately it's finding a partner that's going to, that feels like we do philosophically, that this is an area of criticality for us to solve in the banking industry and if technology can support us in that, we want a partner that is going to have skin in the game to do that too. Thank you. When we started to look at the space, I think the idea was that we can leverage what Google is good at, which is looking for anomalies in a huge scale, kind of planetary scale, as well as our strength in infrastructure and AI, and then applying that to this problem, we felt like we could differentiate, truly. But that said, what stood out to you out of the AMLAI product that made you partner with us? Well, I certainly think that the product that Google has is it's next generation, to use a term that I've probably misused. It probably has a completely technical meaning that I don't know. But I feel like we've stepped into a new era in the tools that we're leveraging here. I think that the approach, it was explained in the video, but the approach that's being taken where this has really gone back to basics and built something from the ground up that is serving the exact purpose that we need it to serve, that was something that I think Google decided was the most appropriate approach moving forward, and I certainly feel that it's generated an outcome that is showing its differences. Very early on in our evaluation process, we could see that this was different and that it was going to give us great opportunities. I think that, again, going back to the things about what we look for in a partner, certainly it's been a great collaborative experience with Google, tool, and the willingness to work with us to truly understand what it is that we're looking to build and looking to achieve and supporting development alongside that is great. It stood out to me that this has been tried and tested. The tool is in place in other financial institutions in areas around the world that are of interest to us. So, again, a good checkbox for us to tick to say that you've been there and done that makes us feel more comfortable. But ultimately it's about the partnership opportunity and the knowledge that this is making real differences in an area that is so critical and bringing the best of technology to do that. Can you talk a little bit about the value drivers? Because this has some complexity. This is going to be transformative. You need to see an ROI. How are you thinking about the value drivers? Yeah, ROI is really important. If you're going to start down a path like this, I think it's critical to have something that has a significant ROI, which this does. As Andy was mentioning, it's a very costly exercise to evaluate these alerts that are generated on an ongoing basis to do so with rigor and document everything robustly and have people in seats that are doing this day in, day out with a degree of certainty. So we know that there is a huge opportunity here. What we're looking for, though, is not just a cost equation. it's about, to put it in simple terms, it's about catching more bad guys. This tool is allowing us to find more instances of potentially illicit activity, suspicious activity that needs reporting to the regulators. It's doing that in a way that is efficient for us. because, again, inevitably, there are going to be a lot of false positives. This is not an exact science, and there will be patterns of behavior that may look on the surface to be questionable, but there is a perfectly legitimate reason for them. So there are always going to be false positives, but we want to reduce that volume as much as we can, particularly in the areas that are relatively low value and are not really contributing to a solution to the bigger picture problem of transnational organized crime and the big players that are out there. So we're looking for better performance, we're looking for better effectiveness, and thirdly, I think, one of the value drivers that is quite unusual for us to consider, but it's employee engagement. The world of AML risk management at the moment within banking is quite competitive. There's a huge competition for talent, a war on talent, as people often call it, and one of the challenges, and again, I think you mentioned it in your remarks, is that people can kind of get tired of dealing with the inefficiencies and the challenges of the traditional approaches that have been taken. If you're able to equip a financial intelligence unit in your organization with market leading, leading-edge tools that are using the latest and greatest technology to do a lot of the difficult work of analyzing and identifying connections, then you've got quite a value proposition to bring some of the top talent in the industry to your organization to work with these tools. So when we look at the value that this can bring, I think it's all three of those things which help us to do more to disrupt this criminal activity, but also make it a more interesting and exciting place for people to work when they're doing that. I think that effectiveness piece is really important. A lot of the clients I'm speaking to and the regulators from my side of the world, as it were, they talk about effectiveness and how we can disrupt the bigger criminal gangs and not necessarily focus on the low value tasks and this solution can really help with that sort of stuff. So to me, that turns the dial on that effectiveness point quite considerably. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. So to realize these benefits that you mentioned, we have to get from pilot to production in a reasonable amount of time, which I think for mission critical initiatives such as this one, it's a complex journey. Andy, we looked at AMLAI and that was a core design for us. How do we make it easier for our customers to prove to themselves and then to all of their lines of defense that this is working, that this is achieving what you needed to achieve? But from your experience, what are the critical success factors that financial institutions need to look at, are looking at to remove barriers, to get to production, and to use AI to transform anti-financial crime? Yeah, okay, interesting question. And I think the key for me is being very clear at the outset what you're trying to achieve in those key success criteria. You spoke about, Carol. We see way too many projects starting out with poorly defined risk objectives, and all of a sudden you've got an AI solution that's looking for a problem to solve and not the other way around, which is really a bad place to be. And I think if you think about the barriers to success that everyone knows about, it's not just with financial crime AI models, but scaling, value creation, risk management, and regulatory approval, they're the key things that we need to overcome, especially in our game, risk management and regulatory approval are really important. So I think taking all that into consideration, I'd say there's probably three or four key foundational pieces that you need to get in place in order to get things moving and implemented more quickly. I think the first thing is thinking strategically and get your really ambitious and value-focused strategy in place and to start with. I think that's true with all financial crime transformations, but specifically for financial crime AA transformations, that's fundamental. And then within that strategy, make sure you prioritize your clear, high-impact use cases that have got that success criteria defined. Because what you need to do as you go through the deployment is get the narrative right to begin with and then proving that it's working so you don't lose people along that journey. So think strategically is the first thing I'd say. Then I think when you're applying this sort of technology, you need to think about the op model you've got in place. Adoption of agile operating models and delivery methods are super, super important. I often think that organizations change at the pace of organizations, which can be very, very slow. Sometimes it's like turning an oil tanker at times. But I think if you're trying to do things agilely, you've got to make sure your operating model is open to working like that as well. So that's fundamental. I think also trying to integrate risk management processes from the beginning all the way through the process, not making it an afterthought, that's key. And then the governance piece as well, really strong governance framework for responsible AI development and deployment and getting the right people in those governance forums as well, because that can be quite important when you want to speed things up. I've seen areas and organizations where they've got some really senior folk on these governance committees to get things approved quickly to start demonstrating. Make a path. Sooner rather than later. Exactly. Exactly. Then I think it's all about getting your talent right. So I think the third place, going to that talent point, I think previously people asked for technology people and financial crime experts. I think now you can get the same person merged into one, which is quite a unique position to be in. And one of my key clients in the UK, they just want engineers with financial crime experience. That's what they see the future to be. So once you've got your talent model at right, with that mix of financial crime and technology experience, I think that's super important as well. And then the final point is getting the right foundation data technology in place, the modern data foundation, data quality controls, architecture, common sustainability and all that scalability and all that good stuff. Again, that's not necessarily specific for financial crime, but it's really helpful when you're looking to scale things quickly as well. And then I guess the final point back to that ecosystem of people, that collaboration point, your technology people, people that you're working with, making sure you've got those strong ties and you work together because no one should be doing this on their own. We should be learning from each other. So I think that collaboration point is really key as well. Those are critical considerations. And what we're seeing as we work through the industry is AI, whether it's this use case or any other, a lot of times will lead an enterprise change, an enterprise shift. It's transformational. And it needs a sponsor. It needs someone like you to cut through to understand where the risk is real versus not and how to approach it. So in fact, you are leading this charge right now at Scotiabank. So how are you thinking about this? You've catalyzed it at Scotiabank. How are you leading this transformation? How are we supporting you? Well, I think it starts at the top, as always, with executive sponsorship. And by that, I mean senior executive sponsorship. You have to have people at the very top of the organization that are committed to making this a reality because it is not a small, trivial exercise. And the opportunity for an organization, if you're going to do this for AML, then you've basically built the foundation or the skeleton of leveraging all of this data and this technology across the organization. So having executive leadership that has that mindset and that has that awareness and is willing to support and drive the message that we are going to make these changes is critical. Our CEO is highly visible in talking about this and encouraging and demanding, really, the support of the rest of the organization. So that has been immensely helpful as we continue down the journey because inevitably we are dealing with a lot of different areas within the organization and if they haven't heard the same message, we're not necessarily going to get the attention we need to make the changes we need. Because this isn't just about putting a bunch of data in a nice-looking tool and away you go. There's a lot more fundamental changes to it than that. And I'll come to that in a second, but I think that the other really important thing is this particular use case is a fantastic one and I know that it really only exists in the financial services industry, but to have something that is as critical as this is from a regulatory perspective and if you fail to meet the regulator's expectations or standards, this kind of thing can break a bank and can certainly do a significant amount of damage to the bottom line if it doesn't destroy the bank altogether. So there is a lot of downside risk that executives are keen to protect. So having something which has a very high ROI such as leveraging this solution in an AML environment is very helpful, I would say, to getting the organization aligned with the opportunities that it presents and it gives them an opportunity to see how it evolves and how it can be embedded into an organization and serve many other purposes as well. So having that high ROI opportunity is key. I think that one of the things that we realize we will need to do is you can't, again, or you can but you shouldn't necessarily make these changes, leverage this technology and then continue in your old ways with everything else. We need to look end to end at the processes that we have, at the operating models that we have, and consequently at the skills of the people who are going to be executing the output from these tools to make sure that they have the capabilities, they have the training, they have the understanding of the power that's been given to them so that they can do their best work and really find those proverbial needles in the haystack that we are all looking for. So I think there's a lot of those keys. And really the last one would be you can't do it without collaboration across the organization. It is, this is, in some respects, a technology project, in some respects, a data project. It's very definitely a regulatory and compliance project. But it can't fit into any one of those boxes completely. It spans a lot of areas. I've been extremely fortunate at Scotiabank to have great colleagues in those areas who have supported us as we've gone through this and we've made great strides together, getting it done working collectively. Again, made much easier by a CEO who is fully supportive of the journey that we're on. So all of that is really helpful in getting us to where we're trying to be. Thank you. I just think, so I think that's a great example of getting that governance absolutely spot on all the way from the top down and getting that commitment. Because often we see that's where it falls down. When you don't see the teams working together, when you don't see that commitment from a top down approach, that's when you lose the momentum and things can go wrong. Let's talk a little bit about the future. So we at Google are seeing not only what we're doing right now, but the next frontier being a collaboration across institutions, applying techniques like federated learning to help search sort of, again, at the planetary scale for the needles in a very, very large haystack. As you look towards the future, what are your, let's use an AI pun, predictions? Or hallucinations. No, not hallucinations. Predictions of the future of this space of combating financial crime. And maybe I'll start, Andy, with you this time. Yeah, OK. So I think, to me, we've got to focus on disrupting that big ticket financial crime that's out there and done by these large criminal gangs. A stat that I often use, I think, global spending on financial crime compliance is around the $200 billion mark at the moment. And the amount of recovery, the funds that are recovered from illegal activity in the courts is in the low percentile. So clearly, throwing money at this problem is getting as regulatory compliant, but not necessarily being as effective in stopping that large-scale criminal activity. So my wish list will be the first thing we do is prioritize that big ticket, the identification of the big ticket crime. So shift from catching every small offender or potential offender, you know, and then really focus your efforts on that big ticket criminal networks and that network activity. I think the second thing for me that we'll see a lot more of is that cross-collaboration, cross-industry collaboration, easy for me to say. And the public-private partnership side of things. I think, to your point, Cal, there's been a lot of progress in breaking down silos within organizations. But I still think there's work to do across industry and between the public and private sector. Now, there's a lot of pilots that have been done to prove that it can be done. But I think hopefully we'll see that kind of accelerated a lot. And the sharing of information will be critical to fighting some of this stuff going forward. And then, to me, again, it's all about focusing on that effectiveness. So dialing up in the areas which are really, really important and you should get the high value from. And then the lower areas where just repetitive tasks that people are working through these vast volume of others. Leave that to one side. You can prove that's not where the value is now by using these larger models and these more advanced techniques. So truly focus on the effectiveness side of things and where you get the most value. So they're my three kind of predictions for the future on my wish list, as it were. Carol, what are yours? Oh, well, first of all, I am really excited about the future. I think that we're now in a place where technology has kind of caught up with us in terms of giving us the solutions that we need, giving us the capability to really identify where these patterns are and who is dealing with whom. Because, again, criminals don't act on their own. They act in networks. They act across borders. They use multiple techniques. People are even using online gaming, just like actual video games, as a mechanism to transfer money that has come from drug trading, for example. So there are a lot of changes that are happening. I'm excited that the tools that we are now getting access to are going to give us... They're going to make it a fair fight. They're going to make us able to actually compete with these guys and kind of beat them at their own game. I do think that it's critical. If we're going to go to the next level again, it's going to have to involve the participation of multiple financial institutions collectively sharing information, working together, working with the governments, with the regulators to, again, get the best out of the information that we have. Each of these banks has got a wealth of knowledge and information and insight about activity with their clients, but not necessarily about the other side of the transaction. And the Canadian government actually came out yesterday and talked about their excitement and their willingness now to move to a place of information sharing among financial institutions, which I think is a critical step to getting us there. So the future looks really bright. We just have to keep imagining what we can do next and driving it forward. Thank you. All right. Thank you so much for joining us today. So you've heard how the rising sophistication of bad actors, especially armed with AI, can create new and really challenging problems for institutions, not only banks, by the way. And that demands a fundamental shift in the approach. The fight is very complicated. But I agree with you. The future depends on strategic adoption of AI and really deep partnerships across institutions with across leaders like Scotiabank and Deloitte and also with technology partners like us. And I think with that, we can forge a secure financial future and protect our communities. So thank you so much, Carol and Andrew, and thank you all for joining us. Thank you.