 Well, this is, I think, one of the most difficult and the hard sessions right after lunch. Yeah. And for people who've come in from different time zones, it's even harder. But, well, we have a very eye-opening session for all of you this afternoon. So today we are here to bust AI myths. As well as demonstrate how easy and impactful it is to integrate AI into your businesses. We will learn how AI is helping small and lean IT teams not just automate customer service tasks, but personalize customer interactions as well as improve efficiencies in the businesses. Over the next 45 minutes, we will hear from our current Google partners as well as our real customers who are already leveraging Google Cloud AI solutions and will also share their approach on building agents that are really empowering growth for them and supercharging customer interactions. Well, with that, I don't want to delay it further. I will start with the introductions for our great panelists on stage today. Okay. So, Derek, do you want to get started from that corner? Yes, of course. Thank you. Wow. I just found out my voice is so loud. So I'm Derek. All the way from UK. Actually, I'm originally from Hong Kong. Raised and born in Hong Kong. And then my family, especially my wife and my daughter, is in UK. So I found a master concept group from 2003. And we're still around. And we've got 200 people all around cities in Asia Pacific, in 12 cities in Asia Pacific. And internally, we use a lot of Google, of course, right? Because we are the Google Premier Partner. And we use Google Workspace, Gemini, and also Agent Space, okay, because it's tested. We are a trusted tester and Google Maps and also Google Cloud a lot. Thank you. Hi, everyone. I'm Eunice. And I am from Singapore, originally Malaysian. I'm the founder and CEO of Talkstack. This is my second AI startup. And we were backed by Y Combinator, Harvard, Samsung, and the co-founder of Google Lens. And today, Talkstack, we are building fully autonomous AI agents for contact centers. And we work with anyone from SMBs all the way to enterprise, like the Singapore government. And we do thousands of calls to Walmart employees, for example. And we have been a partner with Google for over two years. I'm super excited. We use full suites of Google, including Cloud. And also, recently, I started Vibe Coding. I don't know who Vibe Codes here. Anyone Vibe Codes? Cool. So, very excited to be here. Well, good afternoon, everyone. I'm Jim Slocum. I'm the Chief Information Officer at One United Bank. I'm here from Boston. So, not quite as far as the rest of my colleagues up here. But happy to be with you all this afternoon. For those of you who don't know who One United is, One United is a community development financial institution. We have offices in Boston, Miami, and Los Angeles. But our biggest presence really is our digital bank. We focus on bringing financial wellness tools and financial services to our customers on a nationwide basis. And really, I'm excited to share with you guys some of our experience implementing Google over the course of the last, I think it's been four years now. We're trying to measure that up. But we've been implementing. We've been on Google Cloud, utilizing Google Workspace, heavy users of the contact center AI, now called Conversational Agents and Customer Engagement Suite. So, super excited to share our story with you guys today. Thanks for having me. Wonderful. Thank you so much, everyone, to be here on stage with me. Well, my name is Taru Dahiya, and I am the Managing Director for the Cloud Practice that caters to small and medium-sized businesses across Japan and Asia Pacific. So, I've also flown 11 and a half hours out of the time zone here. And so, it's like 3 a.m. for me. But really fantastic to see the audience here. I want to put a problem statement out there, especially for small and mid-sized businesses, right? SMBs often find it very challenging to drive business transformation, whether it's in the form of customer experience, innovation, or efficiency for their organizations. And that's primarily due to limited resources, lack of in-house talent, or time, which leads to inefficiencies in the organization and missed out opportunities. Well, the panelists that you see today on stage, they have solved all of these challenges using Google Cloud Gen AI solutions. And they are happy to be here to share what they have done and what we can learn from that. I'll open up the question for all of you. And just as I finish my questions for the panelists, we will open it up live for the audience as well to ask any questions that they may have as you hear the conversation through. We are seeing technology evolving, right? And it's a very fast-paced technology advancements that we are seeing. If you look at from an SMB landscape, right, and from SMB perspective, how have you seen AI enabling SMBs to quickly adapt to those changing customer needs as well as market conditions? And any strategies that they can employ to quickly get to that success? I'll open it up to any of you. Well, I'll take it first. So I think the thing, you know, to remember, you know, as a small business is that, you know, AI isn't a technology that, you know, in and of itself is going to solve problems, right? Your job as a small business normally is to focus on the customer needs first and then figure out how to deploy the technology against it second. You know, so when I think about, you know, the things and ways that we've deployed AI at One United, you know, it was really about the business purpose first, thinking about what we can do to actually take advantage of the technology to solve the customer experience problems or fix the operational inefficiencies. And that's really been, you know, kind of a hallmark about how we think about leveraging AI, you know, within our business. Sure. Yunus, Derek? Yeah. For myself, I think the most important business unit in my company is my family because I only have one daughter. And if she using the AI for her homework, and I still remember once I really scared about that. Okay. Okay. Because in the beginning, in Asia Pacific, I think a lot of people think that, oh, the AI will replace human. We know that it's just like iPhone. Does iPhone replace us? No. Okay. The revolutionary things normally would be starting from kids or teenagers. And when I asked my daughter, hey, how do you manage your AI? She said, I'm using it for my homework. Especially those homework, I know my teachers is also using AI to grade me. And I know, whoa, if the homework is done by the AI, then I know how much score I will have before I hand it in. So I just put times in the prompt. So it really reminds me a really good example. Of course, I asked my daughter, continue to do it because you've got to put your time on the drama or sports. Okay, it's fine. As soon as you understand how to drive the AI giving you the best result that you have. Similar thing that in the company, different tiers, like the CFO, back office, sales team, pre-sales team. Last year, I encouraged them, just like Google teach us how to do it. It's an AI ambassador program. If you want your salary going up, first, you use AI to get efficiency, double or triple your efficiency using AI, we give you better promotion. Example, like, you know, basic salary increment or a bonus. We like that, the basic salary, because AI really is for long term. It's not just one year. It's not like ourselves. This year, I meet my quota. I get my bonus. Done. I can quit, right? But the basic salary is really going off to make sure the company will grow together. So the practice will soon, this year we can see that a lot of practice from the back office, just like myself, I use AI to do a lot of CFO analytics. The reason behind it is the CFO always is the highest pay in my company. And I need to find some way to offload him so that he can play one day off for golf in a week. So I've got to find out how can I, you know, learn from the London Business School, all the practice, all the case studies I put inside AI. And then I put my company balance sheet and the, you know, the profit and loss statement. And I can find out, oh, one thing. If I don't borrow money from the bank, sorry to say that. How is my self-financeable growth rate, SFG rate, which is really important for me because this year, always in the beginning of the year, we always look into how much money I've got to put inside to invest in my new employees or new business expansion, right? So all these kind of things is looking into AI and AI always wrong in the beginning. I just find out because in the balance sheet, they will pick up the everything in the account receivable. But we have a lot of companies, right? So there's a lot of intercompany account receivable, which is we should be ignore them. So you're going to continue to learn about what's SFG, but actually AI is just like my assistant. It's my assistant, okay, to help me to do things much faster. Okay. Thank you, Derek. For me, it's, I've truly seen this transformation. Five years ago or six years ago when I started my first AI company, we had about 35 employees. My current AI company, this is my third startup. It's only a team of four. And we built as complex of a product as my first startup, right? And personally, I vibe code. So I've created my own CRM, for example, in less than two hours. And so you've seen this like huge transformation. Five years ago when we were an AI startup, we had to build models ourselves. And everything was so customized and was a singular model. So it was not multimodal. It was computer vision. It was text. It was voice. It was just different modality. Today, you can just call an API, right? Anyone can be an AI company, truly, or AI organization. Specifically in our client setting, what we have seen is we can take a client from a team of 10 person, contact human agent to one or zero in 10 minutes. Literally in 10 minutes, we can clone the best human employees. We can give it persona. We can even tell the AI, be friendly and helpful. Do not be judgmental. Whatever you want, you know, the prompt to be instruct. And the AI agent performs. It never gets tired. It's one-tenth of the cost. You know, so it's phenomenal for our customers, in fact. Like, the moment they go live, they see an ROI. One of the biggest use case for us is, for example, payment reminder, lead qualification. And in lead qualification use case, we just need to make a few iterations on the cost group, and we see, like, 20% conversion. So our customers really see real tangible results, you know, in less than an hour, and to them, it's like magic, right? So I think this is how I truly see, not just, you know, from a solution perspective, but to Derek's point, everyday life, I've seen this huge transformation. So I think one of the things that you said that I thought was really interesting, sorry to jump in, but, you know, you said you, the last company you were with, had 10 people doing this. Now you're down to four. I think some of them. 35. You were at 35? Yeah. Down to four. Wow. Yeah. All right. Well, you know, I think the thing is, is that, you know, some of us, you know, have organizations that maybe are a little bit larger at the moment. But one of the things that we did last year, which we, you know, were converting over to Google Workspace last year, and one of the choices we made was to bring Gemini with us and actually roll that out to all of our employees. I think the thing that's so interesting right now is with AI exploding and the interest in AI exploding, you don't know who your employee is going to be that's going to be the one that's going to excel. And I think to the point of, like, being able to get a lot more done a lot faster and find efficiencies, finding the people in your organization that are going to be motivated to follow you is a really great way to expand an already short-staffed team. Yeah. Yeah. Those are great nuggets, all of you. Thank you so much. And, Jim, you already have the mics. I'm just going to point the next question to you. And I heard a lot of conversation around in pockets. We'll get into the details in a bit. But in pockets around productivity, as you were talking about AI being an assistant and supporting on tasks, automating a few of your things as well. Jim, if you have to talk about some tangible business outcomes that SMBs, right, and you come from that part of the business as well, tangible business outcomes that SMBs can expect by implementing AI. Yeah, sure. So, you know, one of the things that, you know, I always like to kind of point out is that as a bank, like, we've been relying on artificial intelligence-type systems for years. I mean, whether you're looking at how you identify fraud, you know, or how you, you know, move forward with analyzing this massive amount of transactions, we've got all sorts of systems in place that help us deal with that. One of the things that I think is kind of common, though, across small businesses is we all deal with customers. And we all are dealing with customer challenges, trying to optimize their experience as they're coming in and working with us. So one of the areas that I think we focused most on in our initial kind of implementation of Google Cloud was we focused on our customer care team and the customer service team. We actually rolled out Google's contact center AI suite using Dialogflow. And when we did that, we focused really on making sure that we were solving some of the biggest business challenges we had. We had problems like huge, you know, attrition, you know, or huge abandoned calls in the call center. We had challenges of being able to bring on new staff to handle calls in a moment of growth. And what we did was we used Google Dialogflow to help us solve those problems. And we actually, when we did that, one of the things that I can remember from our implementation was we pushed our executives to go a little bit further than they were comfortable. You know, we moved to a place where we asked our customers to tell us what their problem was. And we used the natural language processing to sort out their intents. That seemed like a stretch going from where we were on the old phone system, which was this massive tree of, you know, labyrinth, I'd say, of finding the right customer care agent. So by moving, though, to this intent-based routing of calls and being able to get them to the right skilled service agent, we were able to actually drop our abandonment rate from over 10% down to under four. We were able to actually bring on new staff from, you know, what used to be a two-week training period. Now we were able to bring staff on in a three-day period and get them up there handling the lower-level skilled calls. So I think that, you know, as you think about how to implement the AI technology against your challenges, right, you can look at where you're actually being the most challenged. And you can figure out how to deploy the technology against that and then measure your success. And, you know, the thing that happened coming out of that was we had tremendous success. We had those kind of metrics to point to. And the result was that we're sitting here now today as we look at what's going on with the customer engagement suite and the new version of the customer care agents. And we're putting ourselves in a position where we're going to start leveraging the generative AI to go further, to do more, to achieve our mission, which is to deliver personalized financial insights to our customers. And we're going to build a financial wellness conversational agent that's going to enable our customers to interact with their finances in a whole new way. We're going to make it accessible to them in a way that they feel comfortable while at the same time being able to use all of the financial literacy guidance we've been putting out for the past decade in the financial literacy education center that we've built and connecting them to those resources in a meaningful way that's personalized to them. So, you know, I think that, you know, these, you got to build on your successes, find your wins, and then convince those around you that this is an investment worth making and carry that forward as you try and tackle the latest and greatest, you know, technology. We were just talking about, you know, what was introduced yesterday, you know? I mean, that's been kind of the plight of the last six months, you know, and how do we deploy that against our challenges? So, anyway, I think that, you know, those kind of things are the kinds of things I look at. Yeah, absolutely. And that stuff that you just shared on abandonment rate, that's impressive. You know, it's great to hear that. Yeah, I mean, that was in the abandonment rate. But, you know, the other thing that, you know, one of my colleagues pointed out to me earlier today was, you know, that actually doesn't, you're not talking about the tens of thousands of calls that you're deflecting. You know, we are actually solving problems inside of Dialogflow now that used to require an agent to get on the phone. So those cases are being solved in an automated way. We're doing things like reducing the call talk time, you know, by doing things to ask kind of those authentication questions, you know, and data collection questions before it even gets to the agent. And then because of the fact that we have the context of what the person's calling about, we're actually surfacing up the answers to our agents so that when they're on the phone with the customer, they're able to get those answers, that agent assist type technology. Yeah. And are there other specific examples that you could share with respect to, see, SMBs talk about where's the revenue gains, right, when we look at AI or even productivity or customer satisfaction. Are there specific examples from your own organization that you can talk about where you've seen revenue gains? I know you talked about the abandonment rate, which leads to productivity. But any specific examples that you can share with SMBs in the audience would be great. Yeah. You know, I think the thing is, is that from a revenue perspective, you know, I think what we've been able to do with the skills-based routing is, you know, we've been able to actually reduce headcount within our call center and keep those numbers down low. But at the same time, like, by having the skills-based routing, we're giving our customer care teams the ability to kind of learn new skills and move between positions. And actually what we've seen is we've been able to retain our employees much, much longer because we're able to give them a growth path. Where in the past it was very difficult to kind of access that type of situation. So I know it's not really a tangible, you know, dollars and cents thing. But I think that, you know, our employee satisfaction and comfort, you know, it's a lot different when you get a customer on the phone who's happy to be getting to the right person than someone who's been being banged around like your phone system, you know, or your call center for a long time. And they're angry. That makes every one of your customer care team, you know, go home not super happy at the end of the day. Yeah, absolutely. And I think you also touched about the customer happiness as well as internal, you know, productivity as well as efficiencies that you gain through this. That's a good segue into what I have for you, Eunice, given that, you know, you've been working with us for almost two years now and have leveraged multiple AI solutions. Primarily, like I believe and I think SMBs would echo the sentiment that AI has the potential to revolutionize the customer engagement. I'm keen to hear from you on how can SMBs, right, leverage AI even more to strengthen the customer relationship, improve customer service and personalize those conversations that they've been having with their own customers as well as internally as well. And then, of course, any pitfalls that they should avoid because it's not always a hunky-dory story, any pitfalls that they should be avoiding. Yeah, so let me start with some pitfalls. I think, you know, one of the common pitfalls we see among our clients is they come to us and say, hey, I want the latest, the greatest models you have. And I want, like, this shiny toy. And they don't really think about the end goal, right, or, like, the ROI. Like, what do you want to achieve exactly? Because there's, like, a spectrum. Even for large language models or AI models, right, or voice models, you have the cheapest and the most expensive, right? So we always ask them to think of this matrix of price, latency, right, performance or accuracy, right? And you want to find, like, the sweet spot that meets your ROI. And, for example, when we deploy a voice AI agent, you don't want your voice AI agent to be talking about the birds and the bees, right? You want it to be very confined to answer business questions only, right? And also, you don't want it to go on for, like, half an hour, right? So all of those things into consideration because we can actually meet the ROI from the minute we go live, essentially. But we need to put those constraints and we tell the customers, you know, like, what's your ROI? If you have a target cost per minute, for example, and that's where we work backwards and we see, okay, this is the use case. This is the model we're going to use. And this is the experience we're going to deliver. So that's one. How do we deliver better customer experience quickly? I think, you know, we're super fortunate where AI is now. It's super easy to deploy. You can go live literally in a few clicks. All you need to do is to have a good script, a good call script. And even that, you can use, you know, an AI model to write a good call script, right? And after you have a good call script, you upload to the system and you just upload, you connect it to your CRM and it can actually personalize. The AI is smart enough to know, like, you know, I'm going to personalize this call based on the customer's profile. So, for example, if a customer is asking about pricing, the AI is smart enough to know, like, this customer belongs to this tier and therefore I'm only going to answer pricing related to this product, right? And we don't even need to give the AI specific instruction or rule base to say, hey, you know, this is the path you need to tell the customer, right? And when it gets stuck, for example, we just say that, hey, you know, we'll get my colleague to call you back within four hours and then we transfer the calls. So, today we, you know, our AI systems, you can deploy out of the box very easily. You don't need to, you know, five years ago when we deployed with customers, minimum span is like 20,000, you know, to set up the models to train. And today you can really go, you know, we run entirely on a consumption-based model. So, you don't have to have any setup fees, you know, to start. So, I really believe, like, any SMB, as long as you have, you know, customers calling in or texting, you can go live in minutes with solutions out there, you know, and see instant ROI. Thank you for sharing. And if I look at you as a customer, but you also as a partner, because you're also servicing a lot of customers, what are the few tangible outcomes that you've seen from a customer experience perspective that you've leveraged Gen AI for? Yeah, so, I think, even for us, right, the fact that our team is super lean, and I believe for the challenge about managing very large, highly operational teams are the inefficiencies double, right? So, for example, now you need a large HR team to manage a large contact center operations. When you use AI, it's the opposite, right? It really frees up your time. You know, now you don't need to invest so much on HR operations, hiring, and retraining. And most contact centers, the attrition rate is 40%. It's really high, and it's a job that no one wants to do. It's a tankless job, right? So, often, and it's really hard to motivate your teams to always be cheerful when the customers are not cheerful, right? So, what we see is, for example, and this is a very specific trick we do with all our system prompts is we always tell the AI, be cheerful and helpful. So, the AI is always happy, cheerful, helpful, 24-7. And it's not only being able to speak English, it can actually converse in multiple languages, right? So, now, you don't have to have teams sitting in five different countries, right? Answering, taking customers' requests. And, you know, beyond that, sometimes customers ask something outside of the knowledge, you know, base that we give. The AI is smart enough to understand, like, hey, this should be routed to this specific team, or it's asking about the product knowledge. And then it will go to the website and to fetch this data, right? So, I think, you know, the possibility is, like, endless with Gen AI, and it's really quite amazing. Yeah. Yunus, sorry. I really admire you. Because in my company, I need to do a lot of emotional management. And AI has no emotion, and you only have four people. Wow. Awesome. All right. Now that you have the mic, Derek, I'm going to come to you. See, in my last 11, 12 years in Google Cloud and, you know, really working with SMBs across the globe, one thing that I've realized is that partners play a very critical role in AI adoption and implementation, right? In your, from your point of view, how can SMBs leverage not just Google, but its partnerships as well, and partners like you, to adopt AI and get success out of that? And success could be in terms of, like, we've been talking about customer experience, personalizing those interactions, efficiency gains, and just the list goes on. Yes. So, I, this is my fourth talk in a week, but in different parts of the world. And I've done, I mean, one of the entrepreneur organizations, so people always come to me and ask me, hey, you know, you are the AI tech guy. Actually, I'm not. When I was born, AI does not exist. But even though that, they will ask me, hey, you know, how can I start? In Hong Kong or in China, I think that's a typical answer is go to download a VPN. Okay. And we will tell you, you've got to change your app store, region ID, other place, not Hong Kong and China. Otherwise, you cannot download Gemini. A lot of you here don't know, right? Okay. If the entrepreneur is from other part of the world, I would recommend them to download the apps, which is the easiest way that on the phone you can use it, Gemini. Of course, if they are not Google Workspace customer, Gemini first, right? But if they are Google Workspace customer, I always say, come on, it's already in your Gmail. Okay. You can use the Gmail to apply email and you can, you know, try to use it so that you can also go into the Google Drive, no matter it's a Google Sheet or even Google Slides. You can use the Gemini enabled features so that you can, you know, build a sheet and also build a slice really quickly. But the second step is they always say, how can I do some proof of concept on AI? And I will introduce AI studio.google.com, which I'm using every day because before I spread it out to my team, collaborate together on AI, first I've got to use it and see how it goes. How does the AI model can help me do what kind of things? Later on, we go through, oh, it's good. In AI studio, it works. Then you go to agent space, all right? And you can connect with the real data in the company, the legacy systems that you have, or any kind of SaaS solutions that have the API there. If you don't, come to me, we build our connectors for you. That's how we generate revenue from AI. Of course, we got, you know, different margin from different part of Google business units. We can give you a model discount on that if you, you know, ask us to do the management services. That's how our business model is going on. Yeah. And Derek, you've been working with a lot of SMBs across the region, right? Thousands of SMBs that we have seen working with you. And if you have to share a specific example of an SMB that a partner has supported in AI adoption and implementation, and they've seen desired results, it would be great for the audience to know that. Sure. One of the e-commerce apps asked us, it's not the top three, okay? E-commerce business is really competitive, and they are burning money every day, if you know that, right? And they really need a really good recommendation engine. Usual recommendation engine is really expensive. And if you have the AI model, can read your SKU database and understand about the footsteps of a customer journey, it can easily build or automatically build a recommendation engine on your mobile apps for e-commerce. And that's the case that we've done for one of the customers from China who go global market. Yeah. And you touched upon agent space. At that time, there's no agent base yet. I know. But it is today. Yeah, it is today. Yes. So we have a lot of work to do after going back to Asia Pacific. Yes. And I have a question for you on agent space now. Not agent space, but just the steps that we could take, right? See, AI still seems like a distant concept for SMBs, right? I would love to hear from all of you on what practical steps can Google and its partners take to make the advanced AI tools like agent space accessible as well as user-friendly for small IT teams with limited resources that they see in SMBs primarily. Yeah, I'll take a stab at it first, I guess. So, you know, one of the things that, you know, we, you know, you go through multiple implementations of things and you learn lessons. Last year, I learned an important lesson as it pertains to, you know, AI and the rollout of AI across the organization. You know, teams are excited about it, but they don't know how to access it. So I think that, you know, one of the things that we did last year was we focused on change management. We focused on building up certain, you know, opportunities for people to come and gain training, giving them space to explore and experiment. And what we did was we did kind of a collaborative nature where we brought people across the organization into a kind of a workroom, like, and asked them what their use cases were. And we all tried them out together on the tools. And what that did was it empowered our employees to go back into their department and try and execute those kind of concepts against their work product. And we saw some really great success in making that accessible for those various teams. I think on the, just one other thing, just on the point of how can partners help. You know, I think that one of the things I always like to look at in our experience was that, you know, we were introduced by Google to many different partners. And we certainly made our selection based on who the partner was and whether or not they fit our use case. But, like, the partnership network, they're so valuable. They have so much knowledge to share. And they can actually operationalize your ideas. So, you know, having someone like Derek come in and, like, participate, you know, in those kind of conversations and guide you as you're kind of pushing into this territory and exploring the technology. You know, we all don't have, you know, a bunch of people, you know, back in our offices to be implementing all this new stuff. But we certainly have a lot of business problems to solve. So it's really great when you have a good partner come in and execute the technology against it so you can get those outcomes we were talking about earlier. Yeah, I think just creating awareness. I think a lot of SMBs or business in general, they cannot imagine the potential of Gen AI. When you think of Gen AI, you think about just generating, like, AI avatar or, like, some cute, you know, meme pictures or, you know, chat GPT. That's, like, the most common. You know, people cannot imagine. And I wish we had played a video of an AI agent in action because it's, you know, I really remember one of our first few calls when a customer called in and speak to our voice agent. And the customer literally was this, you know, middle-aged lady and she said, you know, you're AI. What do you expect me to say you're an AI? What can you do? She was literally, like, you know, shouting at the AI. And she was just, because she just didn't know what to expect, right? So there's this user acceptance because people just don't know what they don't know. And I think, like, awareness is really helpful. Terry, you don't know yet, but I was speaking to your team. We should have, like, a contact center session, right, with all the customers across different verticals. As long as you have a call center, I think there's just so much learning that can come out of those sessions. And, you know, just try it out, you know, like, step one is to try it out and the possibilities are endless. So it's just, like, creating this awareness and cross-sharing, right? As simple as what's the best system prompt, right? Which is really important. Sometimes even more important than, you know, fine-tuning the models. I always tell my friends, entrepreneur friends, say, using AI, especially humanized voice for cold calling, lead generation, customer support, it's not like a marathon now. Three years ago, I always say it's a marathon. Maybe you can wait and see it, right? I really love the first generation dialogue flow things. But the thing is, now it's only 100 meters gain. And we'll go first to surprise any customer with the AI voice. And eventually they don't know it's AI. It's a big marketing impact. And when they hear that, they will always say, how to do it? How to do it? And I will introduce Eunice. And everyone in gym, you know, doing this. The thing is, sometimes you just, you know, the customer service experience, like I go through the bank, I'm always trying to say, what is zero or nine can go to the real person? Can I try to crack it with a number? Okay. But eventually, if I don't need that, and everything AI answer is just like human, which today, yesterday keynote, will already show us what to do. So, you've got to do it quickly. And I always tell, you know, the entrepreneur and say, is it real now? Okay. Before they always ask me, is that demo? Is that demo? I always say, it's real now. You've got to run fast. Okay. And then the second question is, you know, the laborer always, you know, asking, is that I'm replaceable now? I always tell them, it's not. You've got to make decisions. Who makes the decisions is still human. They are our assistant only. Okay. And they may go wrong. Sometimes you've got to switch to the human and say sorry and say, oh, that's, I'm the manager of the AI. Okay. But I've got to pick up the call because maybe sometimes, you know, they are pretty tired and gets the wrong message. Let me correct it. Let me correct it. I think this is one thing that we always, behind the scenes, need to do that. And how does it move to that place which is more safe for the customer support? This is really important. And I always ask my team, hey, we've got to build that. We've got to understand if AI goes wrong. What's the next flow and next step we've got to, you know, put in the human? And how can we monitor that? And even sometimes it's not real time. You know, I cannot guarantee everybody's 24 hours listening to everyone, right? The only thing is, what's the red flag? If the red flag comes, can I call back the customers to correct it? And that's the thing, not perfect, but it's close to perfect nowadays. And we can do it. I can say that we can do it. And no single AI now is replaceable from, you know, the human that we are so creative. And we don't like errors. I love the passion. I love the energy that I'm seeing. And I'm just so impressed with, you know, how you are leveraging Google Cloud AI solutions for not just for your own organizations, but for your customers as well.