 . I'm Shelley Hershkovits and I'm Product Manager in Google Cloud. I want to talk to you about AI and API security. We'll cover the Renault journey, then we'll focus on the AI and API security challenges, and we'll touch on OSP top 10 for APIs and NLMs, and we'll wrap up. So Renault shared with us their AI journey, and their exciting new capabilities and user experiences that they're built for their customers using Gen AI. They also showed that there's no AI without APIs and how their AI agents are heavily related to the API management journey. So with that, I want to take you through those APIs and AI security challenges. When we talk with our customers around their Gen AI journeys, we identified a few security concerns, whether this is hostile prompts, sensitive data leakage, auditing of those interactions, authorization and authentication challenges, compliance, and of course, their need to run those AI workloads in production and at scale. So for that, OSP went out with the new definition of OSP top 10 for LLMs. Basically, it's formalized the risks that are associated with using Gen AI. What I show here on the slide are four risks out of those top 10, which are related to how, whether or not there is malicious activity or malicious text and inputs as part of the prompts and the responses of those models. And you can see that around prompt injection, sensitive information disclosure, and so forth. Google Cloud answer for that is Model Armor. This is the answer for security and safety concerns around using LLMs models. It's model agnostic, so you can use any model that you want. And it's also cloud agnostic, so you can use any cloud as hosting your models. GCP approach into AI security and API security is really a defense in depth, which means that we have at the edge of the network Google Cloud Armor, which is Google Cloud web application firewall. It really focuses on mitigating distributed denial of service attacks, OSP top 10 for applications. Then we have Apigee and API, advanced API security, which focus on addressing the OSP top 10 for APIs. And then we have also Model Armor, which focus on addressing the OSP top 10 for LLMs. So I hope you're already convinced that there is no AI without APIs, and OSP top 10 for APIs is really critical. So let's focus on that a little bit. What you see here on the slide is the list of those risks. There are around authentication problems, authorization issues, access to sensitive data, or resource consumption concerns, and also misconfigurations or inventory management, or of course, any abuse which is happening on your APIs. For that, we have API management platform called Apigee by Google. And it's really focused on addressing every use case, different use cases in any scale, with a strong governance and security capabilities. And on top of that, we have advanced API security, which is an add-on for Apigee that focuses on these four pillars. Making every API visible, ensuring consistent standards across your APIs, which means find any misconfigured APIs, understand the attack patterns or suspicious activity which is happening on your APIs, and the ability to take action in order to mitigate those attacks. So with that, let's wrap up. We talked about AI and API security, and OSP top 10 for LLMs, and OSP top 10 for APIs. You can also follow up with this blog post if you want to get more information. You can also follow up with this blog post if you want to get more information.