 Hi everyone, my name is Apoor Srivastava and I'm a Product Manager here at Google. I'm here to give you a quick recap of one of our next 25 sessions, AI-assisted database management. Enterprises today are deploying multiple database engines to meet their diverse application needs. These databases come with their own APIs and tooling, which makes such a fleet very complex to manage. On top of this, operating such a diverse fleet requires collaboration across various teams, including database teams, application teams, security and compliance teams, and finance teams. Customers really need a unified interface that simplifies database fleet management at scale for them. We are happy to announce the general availability of Database Center, your AI-based database assistant, which provides you a unified and consistent view of your entire database fleet across the organization and assists you in proactively de-risking it. Database Center is available at no extra cost and is already integrated with all the Google cloud managed database services. Enabling Gemini on top of Database Center unlocks capabilities like assistive chat experience and advanced performance troubleshooting. Let's see Database Center in action. So this is the default view of Database Center. Let's select the custom production fleet view, which has all the production filters pre-selected. So Database Center gives you a bird's eye view of your entire database fleet covering all the projects, regions, environments, and products. You can see your database inventory spanning across AlloyDB, Bigtable, Cloud SQL, Spanner, Memorystore, and Firestore, all in single pane of glass. Database Center continuously monitors the fleet and publishes proactive recommendations across all of these categories. This helps you improve your fleet posture and also keeps you from having to navigate through multiple bespoke dashboards. If you want a sneak peek into which of these issues have been created more recently or which of these recommendations have been generated more recently, you can click on view and see the list of more recently generated issues and click here for further troubleshooting journey. Let's take an example here. So there are 69 resources which are not configured for pay-over protection. You click on this and see the list of those 69 resources. You can do a simple CSV export here and create a ticket for your database teams to update this configuration or do it yourself by clicking here. You can learn more about the issue. You can learn more about the next steps and then you can click on edit configurations or go to resource for further troubleshooting journey. Database Center also leverages Gemini to help your application developers troubleshoot performance efficiently and effectively. Let's see how. So as a developer, let's say I want to know which of my databases are running high resource utilization which could cause performance bottlenecks in the short term. I type this simple question, show all my alloyDB database resources with high resource utilization ordered by name description. Gemini scans all my database instances in this particular project and gives me the list of instances which are running high CPU or memory utilization. I click on this to learn more about the issue. You can see that this instance is at high CPU utilization for last 30 days and there is a simple resize recommendation presented to me. I can do a simple resize here or if Gemini is enabled for this instance, I will have the option of doing further analysis and troubleshooting by clicking on analyze system performance. As I click on this, I see that Gemini has already done a very detailed analysis of this performance in situ, which involves multiple situation checks, which involves, you know, each situation check involving multiple evidences, which is basically metric checks. Let's look at one of the failed checks here. So there is contention on system resources because of high CPU usage, significant change in database connections and consistently high database IO operations. Gemini also tells precise recommendations. In this case, it is upscaling the instance, optimizing the queries and tuning connections. We can learn more about the issues by clicking on these links. So this is the transformative power of AI assisted troubleshooting. Instead of spending hours manually diagnosing the issue, Gemini provides a clear and concise analysis and recommendations in seconds. Gemini is acting as your database assistant, improving your productivity. And guess what? You don't need engine specific expertise anymore for performance trouble shooting. With that, database center is available in Google Cloud console for you to try and use. So please feel free to use the product. And thank you so much for listening to us.