 Hi, I'm Tommaso Vaccarella. I'm the co-founder and general manager of Connected Stories. So Connected Stories is a creative management platform that allows to optimize the entire end-to-end workflow of digital creative content. We optimize the content supply chain by making the entire process more efficient and therefore the creatives for digital ads more effective. So what's one example where this approach has transformed a brand's marketing performance? So I actually have two examples of that. One is an auto brand, a global auto brand that has been working with Connected Stories for the last two years. They obviously need to scale content across a number of different regions. And therefore they have a challenge in terms of how fast they can do that. So with Connected Stories, they've been able to actually create content at scale by deploying more than 5,000 different versions and at the same time cutting production time by up to 80%. Then also by using Connected Stories for orchestration and distribution and measurement, they've been able to generate a two-times ROI compared to the benchmark campaigns. And then I have another example of a fashion brand that has been working with Connected Stories as well for the last year or so. And in that case, they're not even shooting content anymore as a form of like traditional production. So they're directly working with Connected Stories and therefore allowing to cut production costs by up to 70%. So as generative AI becomes more widely adopted across companies all over the world, what is they can do to have it take as a competitive advantage? So what we are essentially suggesting here is for generative AI and essentially old SaaS solution, not to be necessarily an add-on to their workflows, but being very much more integrated within the entire stream of work that they're doing. So for us, it's also about change management, about how creative teams and media teams and marketers in general are actually approaching generative AI end-to-end across the entire stream of content creation. So that really changes the perspective when it comes to the production workflow, more so than thinking of it as just an add-on to what they're doing. So how can AI also help companies adjust creatives in real time? So this is extremely important to us as a concept. So if generative AI allows to streamline the entire process of content production, then AI is also capable of helping when it comes to orchestration. So orchestration, and that's why Connected Stories has taken this end-to-end approach since the beginning, is extremely key when it comes to making the most out of the content and the personalized content that you have built so that you're basically delivering the right message at the right time for the right kind of audience. So this also allows to optimize on the fly and create that sort of ROI when it comes to your marketing and advertising campaigns. So what are the main challenges for content teams to be able to use Gen.AI at best? So in our opinion, the humans in the loop as a concept is extremely key in order to make the most out of Gen.AI, but also the platform that are bringing those sort of solutions within the market. At the same time, though, when it comes to using generative AI, humans need to find the right balance between perfection and scalability. In a certain way, humans can also get in the way when it comes to using Gen.AI and not necessarily allowing for that kind of scalability if they're striving for perfection. I'm not necessarily suggesting here that perfection is not something that we shouldn't be looking at because it's key for anything that we're doing, but it needs to be contextualized in terms of what sort of content we are producing. So, for example, if you are producing ads for them to be shown on extremely small devices, on small placements, well, for example, looking at a certain minuscule detail in the background is not going to make a huge difference for the users who are going to be exposed to the ad, but at the same time, if the content creators are too much focused on that, this is going to go in the way of scalability. So finding the right balance is key when it comes to make the most out of Gen.AI and AI in general. So how can AI be utilized to uncover insights? Well, when it comes to connected stories, for example, we are, as we're focused on the end-to-end workflow, also measuring through our module creative intelligence how users are actually behaving when exposed to content. So we take those insights, we generate those insights in order to create a very positive feedback loop so that all the learnings are actually utilized to make the strategies and the content way more efficient and optimized during the course of the campaign and also when it comes to the next campaigns that the brands are going to launch. So if I had to predict how AI will impact marketing in the short and long term, my perspective is that creative teams and marketing teams are going to be way less focused on the manual work and the execution and way more focused on strategizing and optimizing and taking those learnings to really improve the content they are creating. So thank you all for being with us. My name is Tomaso Vaccarella. I'm the co-founder and general manager of Connected Stories. If you want to learn more about Connected Stories, just visit our website and talk to us. We'll be more than happy to give you our perspective on how Connected Stories is transforming the game when it comes to content creation and personalization at scale.