 Hi, everyone. Welcome to Google Cloud Next. My name is Sachin Agarwal. I'm a group product manager here at Google Cloud, and I lead our product-led growth platform PM organization. I'm excited to talk to you about best practices for implementing product-led growth at your organization or your company. Product-led growth is an incredibly important way of making it as easy as possible for users to discover value from your product, which leads to business metric growth. With qualitative and quantitative data coming together, you can really find those key points that provide value to your customers, find those friction points that get in the way of your users and customers getting to that value, and then be able to isolate, fix them, and make it as easy as possible. As soon as organizations as users are able to discover the value in your products, the better your business results will be. Let's talk a little bit about the history of product-led growth here at Google Cloud. We've been working on product-led growth ever since cloud was invented. Early on, we were very focused on getting people to use as many different products as possible because we wanted people to experience the beauty and the power of all that Google Cloud has to offer. Today, we've pivoted to a platform organization. That enables the individual product teams inside Google Cloud to implement PLG themselves through best practices, tools, advice, and benchmarks. For organizations that may be more matrixed or organizations that have many product lines, a platform approach is preferred because it places the power to enable product-led growth with the folks who know the most about their individual product experiences and their users. Now, thinking about your users, we like to group them into archetypes and individual user roles underneath those archetypes. This allows us to find the commonalities between the different users of our different products and allows us to more quickly make investments and run experiments to help deliver key business value to our users as soon as possible. Those archetypes and those user roles will be different for a software company versus a financial services company versus a public sector entity. It's really important to consider what those user roles look like and try to make them comprehensive but not too many so that you're overwhelmed. Now, when you think about those users and those user roles, the next thing to do from a qualitative perspective is to put yourself in the user's shoes. The way that we do this is what we call friction logging. Friction logging is just putting yourself in the shoes of your users, running through your project experience, and seeing what is good, what is meh, and what is maybe room for improvement on getting to key value out of that product. When you do this, we like to do it in pairs. One person who goes through it as the user, and one person who's the scribe who writes things down. This makes it much easier. It's very similar to a peer programming model. You do this three, five, ten, a hundred times, you'll start to find patterns. You can look for those patterns by hand, you can start to map things in Google Sheets, or you can put everything into Gemini and let Gemini find the commonalities. Once you identify those commonalities in the friction logs, finding those really key high points and those areas for improvement, you can focus and change your product's experiences to help make sure that users of all stripes can realize the business value of your product as soon as possible. That business value leads to business metric growth. Now, on the qualitative side, it's incredibly important to go through and think through your KPI trees. When you do that, you're understanding what the input metrics are, the projects and initiatives that you do that lead to the output metrics. When you put together these KPI trees and you're looking for these high value actions, the way that we determine these high value actions is through data science. The data science is often using a colab notebook where you're able to go and programmatically find through a causal inference method what actions users take that lead to the output of business values. It's important to understand that HVAs are found, they're not prescribed. And so you may have hypotheses, but oftentimes the results that come back from the causal analysis to identify these HVAs may be surprising or counterintuitive. If you've instrumented your products correctly, trust in the data and optimize your journeys for those key moments that lead to the high value. At the end of the day, it's really important to understand that product-led growth is just one of many levers for business growth. Obviously, product-led growth can be complemented with paid marketing, organic marketing, word of mouth, better product experiences, viral coefficients, all sorts of things. But the key element of product-led growth is making sure that the business value that you're intending to deliver with your product or your experience is realized by the users as soon as possible. Thank you so much for your time. Appreciate it. And we'll see you on the cloud.