 Today we're going to talk about boosting productivity with the Workspace platform. And with me on stage, I have Chanel, who's a developer advocate for Google Workspace, and also an expert in Apps Script. And she has this incredible YouTube channel for the, what's the account again? The Google Workspace Developers. Yes, so I invite you to follow that. We'll have a QR code at the end. And yeah, I'm really happy to be here on stage with you. And I think a lot of you know my colleague, Serge LaChapelle, Outbound Product Manager. By the way, he has a quarterly roadmap session for all things new to Google Workspace that I highly recommend. So do check that out. And today we are blessed, actually, with two very special guests, one of which I'm very happy to introduce. His name is Rafael Godinho. He's lead engineer at one of the most innovative banks in the whole world, New Bank. And he joins us from beautiful Brazil. And we have with us Martin Hoxie from very beautiful Scotland, but not as sunny as Brazil. Martin is like the OG Apps Script hacker. And he works at a partner reseller implementer called Codea in the UK and a little bit across EMEA. So really happy to have him on stage and to hear what he's been using Workspace and the Apps Script to build. Very cool. So today we're going to go exploring. We're going on a journey together. And as Google Workspace customers, your data is secure up in the cloud. And you can leverage the platform capabilities, meaning that you can create integration into other third-party systems. You can automate tasks and processes and much more. In fact, you know, you can do this without deploying any software, without having to worry about updates or installing or anything like that. Just because it's in the cloud, it's always there. So it's a great, great, great advantage. So the journey that we're going to embark on together is all about adapting Google Workspace to your needs. So when I speak to our customers, I often get feedback that it can be a little bit overwhelming to understand how you can tap into the cloud to do integrations with Google Workspace. And I understand why it can feel odd because many of my customers have been on the other platform for decades. And so this is a big shift in thinking about what you can do and how to implement it. So Sash and I had the idea today to draw a map that brings you to the solution that best fits your need. And I have this amazing helper. You might know him, Gemini. So all of the images that you see here, the map and everything that you will see is created with Gemini. I couldn't do without him, actually. And the very first stop on our journey is the Google Workspace Marketplace. And here as well, when I talk to customers, you know, you see there's like 5,000 apps on the Marketplace. But customers are like, hmm, what is this? Who vetted this? What is my data safe with these 5,000 apps? Absolutely. The concept behind the Marketplace is that you can use integrations, extensions, and add-ons for the different tools that are part of Google Workspace without having to create them yourself. And you're right, Serge. That is a very big question, you know. Has this been vetted? And there's actually two separate reviews that every app must go through before it is published to the Google Workspace Marketplace. Now, what you see here on screen is called the consent screen. This is what is visible when a user installs an app from the Marketplace or if the admin installs it for the organization. Now, on the consent screen, what you see is what the developer declared, what for data are they going to access with this app, and what are they going to do with it? Now, the OAuth verification makes sure that what the developer has declared actually matches that what the app really does. Because imagine the situation where you install an extension for Sheets, and every time you create a new Sheets, it gives you a cool motivational quote about how amazing Google Sheets is. But what the app actually does is it scrapes all of your data from Google Drive. Well, you wouldn't want that happening, and neither do we. So, in such a case, obviously, the security team doing this would flag this, and it would not allow the app to be published. And the second is the app review. Here, the team is making sure that the information on the Marketplace about the app is accurate, like who created it and how can support be requested, and also that there's good usability of the solution. And one of the, I guess, super powerful add-on, or super powerful add-on, sorry, that we just launched is between Gmail and Salesforce. Absolutely. To make it easier for you, we've actually added a QR code there, and since I'm relatively short, you should be able to scan it on top of my head here. And the idea here is that we partner with Salesforce to bring Salesforce data into Gmail, and in the mix, again, we have a super handy helper being Gemini. Now, obviously, as a user, you can go ahead and install this on your own, provided the admin of your organization has allowed that. So, we know that for our admins, it's very important to be in control, meaning that they can decide on having the users install any app that they want, or having an allow list of apps that they allow the users to install, or also installing apps for the entire organization or for certain subgroups. So, this kind of means that I can have my own private workspace marketplace, so my own app store, with my own built-in add-ons, if my IT teams have built something, but also the ones that I've selected. Absolutely, that is correct. All right. Now that I'm running my own app store, and I've approved apps officially for my organization, that's a great thing. But I often come in contact with teams that want to go a step further. They want to be really empowered. We often call them citizen developers. And they want to improve their workflows. They want to do a ton of stuff, but they don't want to involve the IT teams. Where does this land on our map? Well, that will be the next milestone on our journey. That's where AppSheet comes in super handy. So, with AppSheet, users can create their own applications, their own solutions, without having to write a single line of code. These apps, they work well on desktop and on mobile devices, meaning this is a really good solution platform for any team, including those with frontline workers. And even though it's a great thing to empower your end users to create your apps, we do also understand that IT departments and admins need to be aware of what for apps are being created within their organization. And that's why the governance and policy controls that are part of AppSheet are so valuable. So, long gone are the days where someone created a macro, emailed it to someone else, and it starts to spread across the organization. The author leaves the company. Nobody knows how that thing worked. It probably broke a bunch of rules. Now you can do things much more under control and in a much smarter way. Absolutely. And something else I'd also like to highlight is that there's more than 50 connectors to third-party systems, to databases, and there's also a REST API. So, this means that you can kind of like plug and play those apps into any automation that you already have set up. And we talked about this earlier, but this is really no code. Usually when you say no code, it always means some code, right? But this one is actually no code. Even I can pull this off. So, AppSheet, a great enabler for citizen developers. So, we went from a marketplace managed... No, I think we skipped behind there. Oh, no. Okay. We went from a marketplace. Oh, that's true. That's the journey. Marketplace with my own apps and the apps I approve. Apps that I build or that my teams build to solve their own problems. And now we're going to go to something that is the real killer. Repetitive tasks and my own favorite, spreadsheets. Yeah. I think I have something that will make your life easier. This is where macros within Google Sheets come to play. Now... It sounds like... It feels like swearing in church saying the word macros here, but there are actually macros in Google Workspace. Yes. Yes. And I've created a demo for this. Let me just start the recording. So, this is the situation we all know. We're in Google Sheets. Let's say we have quarterly data. It always looks very similar. And we find ourselves having to add a pivot table manually every single time. Can we automate that? Yes, we can. So, as I said, we have our data source. And now what I'm going to do is I'm going to record a macro. And now it's recording every configuration. Everything that I'm doing in this sheet is being recorded for me. So, in this specific case, I'm adding a pivot table. And I'm sure you've done this in the past. You know that it's a multi-step process until you have the pivot table the way you'd like it to be. So, I'm going to fast forward here quickly. And I'm going to save this macro. I'm going to give it a name so that I recognize it when I want to run it again. Very good. Now I go over into the second sheet. And all I have to do now is run that macro. It's going to ask me for authorization to run within this document, which I obviously grant. And there you go. And now my hands were off the keyboard, off the mouse as I recorded this. I think for me, whenever you run macros, it looks like magic. I love it. It's always fun when someone else does the work. Yes. So, not only has Google Sheets gotten a lot faster over the past year, we've released a new version of Google Sheets that runs on WebAssembly, which means it's almost like compiled code running in a VM in the browser. And it's gotten much, much, much faster. And for many use cases, between 50% and 80% faster for functions like copy-paste, file open, sorting data, filtering. But you can now connect Google Sheets with BigQuery, Oracle, Locker, and we have many more integrations coming soon. So, it's a very, very powerful tool now, Google Sheets, that has people actually starting to leave Excel for because of these advantages, being cloud-based, being able to connect so easily into all these systems, being able to add macros to it, but also steer it from all the various platform surfaces that Workspace offers. But, yeah, this is swearing in church. VBA macros, right? These are often very complex to convert and to bring over from the old world of native fat clients into the new world of online cloud clients. So, here's a tip I discovered recently. Open the VBA macro in Gemini and ask it to help you translate it to something that will work in Google Sheets. And it's surprising how far you get. For the very complex ones, it won't do the whole job for you, but it'll get you a good percentage of the way there. So, I invite you to give that a try, especially with Gemini Pro 2.5 or 2.5 Pro. Beyond simple macros, we have Apps Script. Apps Script is the language of the Workspace platform. It allows you to extend the platform's capabilities or Workspace's capabilities, and it's a powerful way to automate, connect, and extend. And this is really where Chanel's expertise comes in. And again, I've created a little demo. And this time, I did it with you in mind, Sesh. Yes. So, Sesh gets a lot of requests to meet with customers, which is great. But it also means a lot of planning and scheduling and so on and so forth. So, check out this demo that I created, which is something, with the help of Gemini, you yourself can create, too. So, we have a simple intake form, a Google form, that someone can fill out. They add the customer name, select the date, and the type of meeting. And once they submit that, that data gets written into a sheet. And this is now Sesh's view. So, he has a sheet with all of these requests, and he can now choose how he would like to process these requests. My manager has a specific meaning, I'll tell you later. Now, he's going to run the automation, and calendar invite is sent out. The random customer meeting has been declined, because we don't know who that is. And his manager gets an email, so that Sonia knows, hey, Sesh has got this request under control. No worries. We actually have this system in my little team. We're five outbound product managers. There's 11 million workspace companies. So, you can imagine how many requests we have for engagement. So, we actually have something like this internally to help sort it all out. So, what we see here is that we get data from a sheet. We can create calendar events. We can send out emails. And we could do much more if we wanted to. But I wanted to keep it simple and also, you know, the way you would really use it. Now, my tip to you when you start using Gemini to create such automations is, don't just jump into the code. Start chatting with Gemini. This is what I want to do. What are my options? Because very often, there's more than one way to create such a solution. Do I need an API key? Do I need a service account? Ask all these questions. And it will give you and Gemini a better understanding of the solution you want to build. And then you can start prompting it for the code and jumping into that. And then, of course, for some people, your own marketplace, your own workspace marketplace, no code solutions, repetitive tasks solved by macros, and then they get their own powerful language to do all of what you just saw. For some people, it's not enough. And sometimes it's your development teams, and they can tap into workspace directly using our backend APIs. And this is a great segue into our first star speaker, Rafael. Rafael joins us from Brazil's most modern bank, NewBank. He made the trip all the way out here to talk to all of you. Please give a warm round of applause to Rafael. We got this. Hello, everyone. Brought my fans here. Hello, everyone. My name is Rafael Godinho. I'm a lead engineer at NewBank. And today, I wanted to show you guys how we made information spread across NewBank, across Google Workspace and third-party system more accessible using Google technologies. First, let me start with our purple revolution at NewBank. Our core purpose is to become the most influential service company in the world, fighting complexity and empowering people. Our moonshot is to reinvent services to liberate one billion customers or fanatical customers from the complexity of their daily lives. I thought it was appropriate to revisit this campaign that we did last year when we achieved 100 million customers because, of course, it's Vegas. And right now, we're serving 114 million customers across Latin America. We've also grown from 14 brave employees who started this crazy journey to over 8,000 employees, imposing a new challenge to us. Imagine losing over two hours every single week. Not to complex projects, but to simply finding the right information. Over two hours, just gone. That's the reality that many of us faced navigating through a labyrinth of over 350 portals, searching for that elusive needle in a haystack. This is the complexity that we at NewBank are determined to fight. So, our core values drives everything we do. First, we want our customers to love us fanatically. That begins empowering our employees. Ask New is a testament to this by ensuring our internal customers, or in this case, our employees, have a seamless experience. Second, we are hungry and challenge the status quo. We recognize the inefficiency of our ecosystem and dare to innovate. Ask New is a solution to this challenge. And third, we pursue smart efficiency. Ask New optimizes our workflows, saving time and resources, allowing us to focus on what truly matters. Serving our customers, or in this case, our brilliant teams and employees. So, we created Ask New, which is an AI agent designed with the principle that everything you need is in one place. Before, we faced significant productivity drains. Employees spent over two hours per week trying to find information with a 30% failure rate. Also, 85% of the users who access our support portals dropped off before even opening a ticket. Ask New eliminates this. By centralizing information and simplifying communication, we transformed our internal support system. It's not just the two. It's a productivity revolution. And it's more than a search engine. It's a productivity partner. It understands your needs, guides you to the right resources, and simplify complex processes. It's designed to make your work seamless and more efficient, allowing you to focus on innovation and customer delight. By reducing search times and failure rates, ask New freeze ups valuable time for strategic work. This meaning faster problem solving, quicker decision making, and ultimately, a more productive new bank. And, of course, all of this is only possible using Gemini and Vertex Air platform as key enablers for our product. So, this is a little confusing, but let me just drive you through this. Here's how it works. We receive the user query and search for intents or FAQs that are onboarded areas already solved. We have a lot of data and ask Gemini, hey, which one matched them? Classifying on the retrieved data. If it's not related to Nubank, well, we have Gemini. And it's amazing public knowledge to back up a great answer triumphantly. But if the query gets classified as HR, foundation, engineering, finance, infosec, legal, so on, it goes directly to the knowledge base stored in our GCP and generates a response base on Nubank's documentation, wherever they are. In our case, we have documents spread across Google Drive, Confluence, GitHub, and many more. For Vertex Search, we use the Agent Builder and its Answer with Follow-ups API. And here's a simple demo of how it works. And I believe I made a Portuguese question to this, so I checked my previous one. It's in English to show you guys it works. It takes only 14 seconds to get a proper answer. And there you go. And the previous one in English. Since our product manager is right here with us, I wouldn't dare to leave the stage without showing you some results. We want to reclaim those lost hours and focus on creating exceptional experiences for our customers in our place. By using Ask Nu, we're not just improving our workflows. We are reinforcing the commitment to fighting complexity and empowering everyone. And we also have data proving that the more they use, the more they live it. And by using it more, they want more for us. The ability to do more and connect with more tools. And with that in mind, our next steps is to fully tackle the potential of Ask Nu meeting our employees where they are. We also want to expand to what they need using features such as function calling inside the Gemini family models to not only answer, but also generate API calls to external systems and execute automatic actions such as booking my flight for Google Next 2026. And with that, I want to express my gratitude for being invited here to the stage and share this amazing journey with you guys. Thank you so much. And back to you, Chanel Search. Thank you. So, as a developer advocate, part of my job is to create demos and make videos about it and talk at events like this. But what's really fulfilling is to see what Rafael and his team did. Because they took our APIs and our platform and created a solution that they can benefit from. So, that is amazing. Now, we have one more stop on our journey. What about if you as a customer say, I would like to have a partner at my side who can help me create a custom solution? Maybe a partner who has done this for many different customers and can bring in a lot of know-how. I'm super excited to have here with us Martin from Cadea from not so sunny Scotland. And he's going to share two very interesting customer stories with us. Now, Martin, as we've heard before, he's a legend in the Apps Script community. And he's created a solution, a demo solution that all of you can try out. It's on the developer documentation. And it's a mail merge. This is something we've all done. Now, they've taken that concept of mail merge from Gmail into a surprising tool within Google Workspace. He'll tell you more. Thanks, Janelle. So, yeah. I thought it would be useful just to give you a very short backstory about myself. So, in terms of Google Workspace, it's a product I've been using since 2010. And the thing that switched me on to it was a mail merge. So, when Apps Script launched in 2009, there was a video demo created by Jonathan Rochelle where he was doing that exact thing. He was taking data out of a Google Sheet and generating emails as a response for that. So, I've been working in Workspace since 2010. It's a platform I've loved for a long time. Four years ago, I took a job at a university. They weren't a Workspace customer. My heart sank on the very first day when someone sent email me an attachment, asked me for comments, and for me to email the attachment back. I think at that moment, I realized that I wasn't going to last that long in this organization. And shortly after that, I was talking to a friend at Google and saying, what do I do next? And he said, oh, have you looked at joining a Google Partner? And I wasn't really aware of what Google Partners did. So, shortly after that, I applied for CTS, as it was then, which Merchwood Ass Broker became Codea very recently. So, for the last three years, I've been working for Codea. So, Codea are a Google Partner. We're a dedicated Google Partner. So, if we're not talking about Google Cloud or Google Workspace, it's probably going to be quite a short-lived conversation. I'm really fortunate to be working for Codea because we're one of the biggest partners in Europe. So, what that means is I get to support a wide range of customers looking at how they can get the very most out of Google Workspace as a platform. To illustrate this, I'm going to talk through a couple of journeys that we've done with our customers. So, the first one I'm going to talk about, surprise, surprise, it's a mail merge. But this time, it's with Google Slides. So, we were working with a UK-based book publisher, DK. So, DK, as part of the retail and sale of their books, they're usually going to book fairs. And as part of that, they have about 500 titles that they need to advertise to people. So, they'll have physical copies there. But they'll also have a presentation running in the background. So, prior to speaking to us, they were manually creating this presentation, which was over 1,000 slides long, where they were copying and pasting 40 different pieces of data into that slide presentation. They were also manually adding in additional slides for the spreads or the internal layout of some of the books. And then a final slide, again, with more information. So, they were spending a huge amount of time on this. So, this was something at Codeia. We have a number of customer success managers. So, Laura McKechnie, who's DK's success manager, came to me and asked, how many slides can we generate in Google Slides? Can we solve this problem for them? So, does anyone know the answer to that question? Does it, you know, Serge, you do these roadmap presentations. They're easily over 500 slides. Does anyone actually know how many slides you can get in Google Slides? Sure. Come on. Some numbers. 1,000? 3,000? 5,000. Any higher than 5,000. Well, maybe. So, what this animation is showing is an actual Google Slides presentation. We're up to 3,000. We're getting close to 5,000. We're over 5,000 slides. It will keep running. And I actually gave up at 10,000 slides. And I think this is something people forget about Google Workspace and Google as a platform. So, I think for a lot of our new customers, you know, they think the fact that they're downloading thick pieces of software onto their desktops, that they're getting far more capability out of productivity tools. But I think it's really important to reflect, and Serge mentioned this, some of the technologies that Serge himself, Google are contributing in terms of web standards means the browser is an incredibly powerful tool. So, in the case of Google Workspace, we've got this ability to create 10,000 slides. And as Chanel's mentioned, with Apps Script, we can automate this. So, what we produced was a Google Sheets add-on. It was deployed just in DK's domain, so they could decide who would have access to it. And as part of this add-on, we took three separate data sources that DK used in terms of their book production. The add-on allowed the user to upload those three different data sources, combine it into a single data source in a Google Sheet. They can then select the book titles that they would like to generate slides for, and then pick a slide template from a gallery to generate these presentations. So, in terms of impact, we put a little logger in there. We were really interested to see how many slides would people actually generate with this. So, over the last year, 80,000 slides have been generated by this add-on, saving, you know, possibly years of work and effort for that customer. So, that's an example where a Google partner can use our understanding of a platform, the capabilities of something like Google Apps Script, to develop a solution for them that they can continue to use within their domain. Increasingly, though, I find, in terms of my role, with tools like Gemini, I'm actually having to write less code. And there's other ways that partners can support our customers as a consequence. So, just moving on to a different customer story here. So, something I think a lot of businesses are continuing to try to address is reducing that digital friction within their business to speed up the way that they can produce and analyze. So, for this example, we were working with a utility based in the UK, Southeast War. They serve 2.3 million customers. And they were on Microsoft, but they identified that this was creating a bottleneck in terms of their ability to modernize. So, we've actually had quite a long engagement with Southeast War. And last month, or two months ago in February, Southeast War made the switch to Google Workspace. I think that deserves an applaud. Yeah? I feel like when a customer switches to Google Workspace, an angel gets its wings. So, it makes me very happy. So, as a Google partner, we've been supporting Southeast Water in a number of different ways. So, one of the first things that we did was actually assist them in migrating their existing content into Google Workspace. So, within our team, we've got some specialists, Gavin Heap, Hugo Grek, Nick Keen. And we moved 26 million assets into Google Workspace, totaling over 30 terabytes of data. As part of our journey with Southeast Water, it's not a case of just one day you're on Microsoft, the next day you're in Google Workspace. So, there was a lot of work and preparation for their users. There was a lot of preparation for the business as well. So, as part of that journey, we looked at different ways that we could introduce Google Workspace to their existing user base. And one of these ways was actually using AppSheet as a way to stimulate change and innovation. So, as part of our AppSheet hackathons, we spend a day with a variety of stakeholders from the business, introducing them to AppSheet as a platform. But that actually starts, in terms of an engagement, a number of days, a number of weeks before that. We actually spend time working with the customer, working out what data they are using on a day-to-day basis. What problems are they tackling that could potentially be benefited with a tool like AppSheet? As part of this prior engagement, it then means that when we do our hackathon with their users, we can tailor that training. So, they can work on their actual data. They can work on their actual problems as part of that day. So, as part of these pre-engagements, we had a call with the customer and we were discovering some of the particular challenges that they were facing. So, like the majority, if not all utility providers, Southeast Water needs to prepare to respond for exceptional events. So, such as setting up and running emergency water stations. So, part of the planning for these events includes working within the regulations and legislations, including health and safety. So, it's not a case of just turning up into a car park and piling out a load of water bottles for people to use. There's a lot of planning that goes in as part of that. So, through our conversations with Southeast Water, we began to understand the challenge of working safely in exceptional circumstances. So, after one of the calls, I thought we could really demonstrate the power of AppSheet, combining it with tools like the Gemini API to do something really powerful and meaningful for the customer. So, what you can see here is a little health and safety app that we actually created in under 30 minutes. So, I think that's the world that we're introducing Southeast Water to. The fact that they can quickly find these problems and convert them into solutions. So, AppSheet, if you're attending some of the sessions yesterday, you'll know AppSheet is getting Gemini integration in terms of being able to interpret images. So, but as part of our engagement with them, we did something slightly different. So, here's an overview of what we're doing. So, if you've not looked at AppSheet, it's a really powerful, particularly for frontline workers, the ability that you can create and use apps on your mobile device. So, the idea would be that through their AppSheet app, users, when they're setting up their water stations, can take a photo through AppSheet. In terms of what AppSheet is doing, we had a small bit of Google Apps Script on the back end that was just handling this image. It was actually passing it into the Vertex AI and getting some health and safety guidance based on that image back to the user. AppSheet's got some really nice functionality in it, including the ability to render markdown. So, we get these really rich text-based responses back as part of that. A little tip for you. So, as part of this little app, we actually, I was fortunate to be here last year at Next. And I shared this little Google Apps Script library that you can use and download that allows you to very quickly start using the Vertex AI, AI Studio, to create these applications yourself. And very quickly as well. So, you can go from zero to hero in under five minutes. And I've proved that. So, there's evidence it's possible. So, in terms of what we've been able to do with the customer there. So, by building apps in AppSheet, by introducing their users to this product, in just, as you can see from the quote here, in just one day, we were able to identify, not only identify, but allow the business to create three separate apps to solve three different problems in under a day. So, the work we're doing with Southeast Water to support the change in modernization continues. So, only last week, myself and my colleague Tim McLardy were back on site at Southeast Water. And this time, it wasn't AppSheet. We were working with individual departments at Southeast Water, looking at some of their troublesome problems that they're currently dealing with. And looking at how we can support them in solving their own problems. So, increasingly now, with Gemini for Workspace becoming widely available, it's about supporting the customer in discovering how tools like Gemini 2.5 can actually help themselves solve these problems. It probably won't surprise you that one of the solutions that we developed with them last week was a document merge. I just can't get away from merges. But I have to say, in terms of what Gemini 2.5 was able to do in terms of writing code, was really impressive. So, the problem that we had involved the inclusion of conditional tables within a Google document. Not only was it able to do that, but it put a ton of error handling in there, which I would struggle to do myself. And it did this all within under two hours. So, a task that would have taken me as a developer perhaps weeks to do. So, that's why I'm not going to the developer keynote. Because that kind of world, it's dead. It's gone. It's Gemini all the way for me now. So, just wrapping this all up. Hopefully through those examples, I've illustrated how Google partners can support you in your Google Workspace journey. So, I think partners have a deep expertise and understanding of Google Cloud and Google Workspace. So, we can shorten and flatten the learning curve for you. We can help you become more productive more quickly. And in return, give you value in terms of your investment. I think also, I think in the case of Codea, we've taken a particular direction in terms of Google Workspace. So, I've mentioned some of the names of the people that work alongside me at Codea. We're a really passionate bunch of people. So, we love and understand Google Workspace. We love and understand other Google products as well like Chrome. And I think that passion we can share with you as part of your journey into Google Workspace. So, with that, I'm going to hand back and thank you for your time. Thank you for your time. Thank you.