 Welcome to our session on building production-grade Gen AI applications with Cloud SQL for Postgres and MySQL. My name is Isabella Lubin. I'm a senior product manager here at Google. I lead Cloud SQL for MySQL. I'm joined by Shambu Hegde, who is a product manager here at Google. And we're very excited to be joined as well by Ravi Maganti, who is a director of product management at Manhattan Associates, a really important customer of Cloud SQL. So just a quick overview about what we're going to be talking about today. I'm going to go over the lifecycle of application development. And, you know, the focus here is really to talk about all of the new capabilities that have come to Google Cloud and to Cloud SQL that make it really, really easy for you to build Gen AI applications. We're going to talk about how you can design and architect applications, how you can actually develop faster with Cloud SQL. We're going to touch a little bit on the operation and management of a Gen AI app. And then finally, we're going to hear from Manhattan Associates on their Gen AI transformation. So, you know, first, I want to really quickly ground us in where Cloud SQL sits within the databases portfolio. You know, today we're talking about Gen AI app development with Cloud SQL, but we know that databases aren't a, you know, one-size-fits-all solution, that while some of you are using open-source relational databases like MySQL for app development, others are, you know, looking to build with, you know, a document DB like Firestore, right? So across the board, our goal is to make sure that we're bringing state-of-the-art Gen AI capabilities to all of our database products along with a really robust set of tools that you can use for building apps and that, you know, you can really always build high-performant, high-scale applications regardless of the database that you choose. So first, let's talk about, you know, the development lifecycle, right? This is a very simplified view of the development lifecycle, right? You have an app that you need to build. You have a business need. You plan out. You start thinking, you know, what is my app going to require? You get into the design phase. You start thinking about the architecture of your app, the different services that you're going to be integrating. You start developing. You know, you test. You deploy. And then you maintain. And, you know, this is absolutely the process I'm sure you all follow. You've never had to re-architect an app, right? Everything has always worked seamlessly from the start. So, you know, when it comes to a Gen AI app, at the heart of it, right, it's not really that different, right? You still have an idea. You still need to actually design this app that you're building out. You know, maybe you now need to start thinking about what models are you integrating, right, for embedding generation. There are some additional complexities that maybe you aren't as familiar with. Maybe you're not as familiar with what services you might be using. And so this is really, you know, what we want to be talking about today. We want to talk about how Cloud SQL and Google Cloud is making this end-to-end lifecycle easier when it comes to Gen AI app development. So I want to, you know, bring over Shambu, who's going to start talking about design and architecture of Gen AI apps. Hello, everyone. I'm Shambu Hegde, product manager for Cloud SQL. How many of you are currently building or planning to build generative AI applications? Please raise your hands. Awesome. There's a lot of hands, and you are in the right place. We are going to discuss some of the latest innovations that help you in simplifying the design, development, and deployment of generative AI applications, and we will focus on the databases. Let's start with the design. When you plan to build a generative AI application, databases play a very important role in that because databases help in ensuring that the AI models are providing accurate as well as contextually relevant responses. Retrieval Augmented Generation, or RAG, has been a very popular technique in building generative AI applications. But this AI landscape continues to evolve rapidly, and we are seeing new trends now. For example, we are seeing the trend of AI agents, agentic rag, and multi-agent systems where applications can not only generate the response, but they can also reason, plan, and call different tools to accomplish various goals. This is unlocking new use cases across industries, whether it's financial services, retail, gaming. It is uncovering new use cases. Here I have a sample architecture diagram of a Gen.AI application. As you can see here, you can host your Gen.AI application or agent in Cloud Run, which is talking to Cloud SQL, which is acting as a vector database. Whether you are using PostgreSQL or MySQL, you can use the same database as your vector database when you use Cloud SQL. Any PostgreSQL fans here in the audience? So many people. Any MySQL fans? Wow. No worries. Cloud SQL loves you both. That's why Cloud SQL has brought the vector capabilities to both PostgreSQL and MySQL. And to integrate with the AI model, you don't need to define separate data pipelines or workflows. You can invoke AI models hosted in Vertex AI directly from your SQL queries. And we also give you the flexibility to invoke any AI model from any AI platform. For example, you can invoke AI models from external platforms such as OpenAI, Hugging Face, or Anthropic, or even your self-hosted models directly from SQL queries within your Cloud SQL database. This is one sample architecture diagram. But depending on the use case or the application that you have, this design can change, and you may need different Google Cloud services. Like, whether you are building a financial service use case or a recommendation use case or a personalization use case, you may need different services. And it can be a daunting task to decide which exact services you need. Do you need Cloud Run? GKE? Do you need a storage database? Which database? Do you need a load balancer? It can be very difficult to understand, and it can take days or weeks to decide all those things. To simplify that, we are introducing a new product at Google Cloud level. It's called as Application Design Center, or ADC. This is a new way to design and deploy applications. Application Design Center, or ADC, is a Gemini-assisted visual designer that dramatically simplifies how you design and deploy application. Let's not just talk about it. Let's see it in action using a demo. I am going to show you the demo of ADC now. So what we are going to do here is let's start with an abstract application idea, and within minutes, let's go and deploy this. Let me start the demo here. So here I am in Google Cloud Console, and you can see that there is a Gemini chart window open. So let me express my idea. I am assuming that I am an employee of an airline company, and I want to build an AI agent. So I will say, I want to build an AI agent that helps in finding airport information, booking flights, and checking flight status. I just described the idea, and the Gemini is responding with all the details of different Google services that I need here. And the cool thing here is that it's not just textual description. You are also seeing the visual diagram of the whole architecture. Basically, it's like you have a personal architect with you to help you. And you can also customize it. Like, now we are entering the console of ADC, or Application Design Center. Now, it's opening up a canvas. You can see the full architecture diagram, and you can see there is load balancer, cloud run, cloud SQL for MySQL database, and also Vertex AI. And on the left-hand side, you can see different Google Cloud services. You can drag and drop. For example, I am more familiar with PostgreSQL. So let me try to add the PostgreSQL database here. The important thing to note here is that it is not just visual representation. When you drag and drop, behind the scenes, a Terraform code is getting generated. For example, on the top left, you can see a code button. If you click on that, you can see the Terraform code. Every time you make a change, the Terraform code is getting updated. So you can also export this Terraform code to your own environment. And optionally, you can also customize it. What I'm showing you here is that I added the PostgreSQL database, and I want to connect from Cloud Run. Instead of going to documentation, reading all the steps, I just need to drag and drop and behind the scenes, we will take care of all the connections configurations for you. How cool is that? Thank you. And you can also customize it. For example, you can see that I can choose regions, I can choose editions. For example, in this case, I am choosing Enterprise Plus Edition, which is the edition that gives you best performance when you are choosing Cloud SQL. So whole architecture looks good to me, and I can just say, create this application and deploy these applications. So we started with an abstract idea a few seconds ago, and we have the whole design now. I say, create application, and after that, you will see an option to deploy this. So we are in this screen, and you can see an option to deploy. When you hit deploy, Terraform apply command runs, and all these Google Cloud services are created for you behind the scenes. You can create your own service account, or you can also choose an existing service account here. And when you click proceed, it is also transparently showing you all the different Google Cloud APIs that are getting created behind the scenes. And you can hit deploy, and within seconds, it is going to create all those services behind the scenes for you. And there are also additional capabilities that you get. For example, there is good version control. Every time you make a change, you can see different versions or history of that. And you have built all this cool stuff, and you want to share it with your colleagues. You can do that. You can see an option, add to catalog. You can add it to the catalog, and share it with all your colleagues in an enterprise-grade way. Now, we can also go and see all the services deployed by it. For example, we deployed Cloud SQL. We are in the Cloud SQL console, and you can see there is a Cloud SQL instance already created for you when you use ADC. So, we saw how Cloud SQL is integrated with ADC to make the design easier. But now, we will move on to the development and see how Cloud SQL helps in Gen.ai application development. There are two things here. Cloud SQL has built-in product capabilities to help you with the vector storage and vector search. And Cloud SQL also has a very rich integration with Gen.ai ecosystem so that whatever the tools you use, you can easily develop. Starting with built-in capabilities, Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL supports PG vector so that you can use the same familiar PostgreSQL database as your vector database. You can do vector storage and vector search. And we are bringing the same capabilities to MySQL. We have launched in GA the MySQL vector storage and vector search capabilities, and you also have the flexibility to choose different vector index types or vector search types. And Cloud SQL also very well integrated with a Vertex AI platform, so you can invoke AI models directly from SQL queries. And recently, we launched another innovative feature called as Model Endpoint Management. What that means is whatever the AI platform you are using, OpenAI, Hugging Face, Anthropic, or your own local environment, you can register those models and call them directly from your SQL queries. This offers a lot of benefits. For example, let's say you have a lot of columns in your table and you want to create a vector embedding of one of the columns. You don't need to create separate workflows. You can simply write a SQL query and generate vector embeddings. Moving on, Cloud SQL also has a very rich integration with the Gen AI ecosystem. In this slide, what you are seeing is that Lama Index and Langchain are two popular application orchestration frameworks. Cloud SQL already supported Langchain and now we have recently launched the integration with Lama Index. And when you have complex agentic workflows, LangGraph really helps and we have also launched integrations. And finally, Cloud SQL has integrated with MCP tool for databases so that it is easier to connect from applications to database. Let's go into all these things in detail. Starting with Lama Index. Lama Index is a very popular framework for orchestrating how applications are connecting to databases. For example, you can use Lama Index for different database interactions such as data ingestion, preprocessing, indexing, retrieving, and other database integrations. So, Cloud SQL has integrated with Lama Index so that you can build new use cases whether it is an AI agent, AI assistant, chatbot, document parsing, or transforming the data, you can do that. And once you have complex workflows or you have multiple agents which are talking to each other, that's when Lang Graph comes into picture. For example, we built an AI application, AI agent for Airline, right? In that case, you can have an agent for information retrieval and this agent could be talking to a booking agent and that booking agent could be talking to another fraud detection agent. So, since you can have specialized agents with quality control on each of these agents and you can define sophisticated workflows using Lang Graph and Cloud SQL is integrated with that. And typically, all the enterprises will have multiple databases with different data and it can be challenging to dynamically invoke different databases. Like, you may have some PostgreSQL databases, MySQL databases, or your own databases. So, to make the connection from application to databases easy, we have launched something called MCP Toolbox for Databases. As the name says, it is MCP or Model Context Protocol. This is a standard way to define tools so that application orchestration frameworks can easily talk to databases. The key benefit here is that I talked about the agents, right? So, agents have intelligence and they should be able to reason, plan, and dynamically use tools. For example, depending on the user query, they should be able to decide which exact database they should invoke. For example, if the end user query is just about information, right? or the payment, you need to be able to fetch the data from payment database. If the end user query is about recommendation, then you should be able to go and see the user history to generate the right recommendation. Before we launched this, you had to write boilerplate code for each and every new database that you are using. But when you use MCP Toolbox, you get a control plane in between, which makes it very easy to dynamically add and remove databases and also invoke databases. So we saw all these packages and now we will see how you can bring it together to build an application. I'm going to show you a demo of application built using all these capabilities. So here I have the AI agent that I built and let me ask what it can help with. For example, I am asking what can you help with. It's saying it can help with booking flights, checking flight status, and finding airport information. So let me ask it a simple query. For example, I am going to ask it, hey, can you tell me flights from San Francisco to Denver? You may think that it's a simple query, but the important thing here is that you have to make sure that the AI model is not hallucinating and it is retrieving the right information. That's where it needs to talk to the database. And now I will try to book a flight. You can see that when you try to do that, you are not just retrieving the information. You are asking the AI agent to take an action on behalf of you. So it needs to, again, consult or retrieve information from different databases or write to different databases. And that's where all the ecosystems, MCP toolbox that we have really comes into play. So we looked at how you can start from an abstract app idea and go easily from design to development. But once you deploy the production applications, it's very important to take care of the operations and management. And we also have some innovations to help you with that. I'm handing over to Isabella, who is going to talk you through those. The ADC stuff, I think, is really awesome. So, you know, you have an app now, right? It's a Gen AI app, but you want to deploy to production. You, you know, have really big dreams about how many customers this app is going to serve. It's a global scenario, right? So a number of points that you need to consider when you think about operation and management of any app is, you know, what performance and scale do I need to be able to sustain, both based off of my current workload, based off of peaks? You know, what are the availability and disaster recovery needs? Is my application going to be deployed globally? Is it just going to be used by customers in, say, one time zone or one region? And then how do I monitor the health of my application? If something goes wrong, how do I make sure that I can really quickly intervene and make sure that I'm getting, you know, that my app is available, that it has consistent performance throughout? This is not a session about operation and management of Cloud SQL. So we're going to do a really fast speed run of a bunch of launches, but they're all very relevant to those of you who are thinking about getting started with building a Gen A app because they're important things to think about, you know, as you start building. So when it comes to performance and scale, there are a number of capabilities I want to talk about. The first is that Cloud SQL enables low downtime scale up. So if you know that your app is going to take, you know, increased workload at some critical point, you can perform a scale up. That scale up is a sub-second downtime. So, you know, if you know that you're going to need to take additional load, you don't have to worry about the availability impact of performing that scale up. We have two new capabilities that we announced this week. The first is support for connection pooling. Connection pooling allows you to reuse connections, so, you know, you can reduce latency and improve performance for your application. We also have a launch of read pools, so you can have a single endpoint that you can direct traffic to, and then add replicas behind that single endpoint. So if you know that you're going to take on additional read traffic, you can use these read pools to scale out. For those of you who are using MySQL, and I saw a lot of hands, with, you know, a set of improvements of adaptive capabilities within Cloud SQL Enterprise Plus, we now see that Enterprise Plus Edition has up to 98% lower write latency with the addition of all of these adaptive capabilities. So for those of you who are thinking about building kind of write-heavy workloads, that performance improvement, you know, is a really substantial gain. And then as we announced this week, the first of Axion-based machines with C4A have now come to Cloud SQL. So for those workloads that require really high performance, you can now take advantage of Axion machines. When it comes to availability, disaster recovery, and data protection, again, you know, this is a really fast overview, but if you have any questions about any of these capabilities, Shambu and I are here. We'd love to talk to you about them and, you know, provide any links to more information. We support sub-second maintenance in Cloud SQL. So, you know, this really, really minimizes the degree to which maintenance can disrupt your workloads. We support advanced disaster recovery. So if you need to fail over to another region for some reason, you can now do so really seamlessly. As part of advanced disaster recovery, we have a write endpoint. This is a global DNS endpoint. So we'll take care of making sure that that endpoint is always pointing to whatever instance is your primary. So when you perform that failover, you don't need to perform any changes on the application side. And then we've launched two new features in the area of backups. Final backup allows you to take a backup when you delete an instance if you want to make sure that you've retained a copy of your data, just, you know, if you need to be able to go back at some point. And then retain backups will allow you to just retain all backups of that instance. So, you know, we've heard from many of you that for regulatory reasons, you want to be able to retain backups for a sustained period of time after an instance is deleted. Those capabilities are now available with Cloud SQL. Monitoring your application, I think, is one of the biggest challenges we hear from customers. It's a conversation we have all the time, right? And this is kind of increasingly common. As, you know, the people who are managing the database increasingly have to manage many different type of database engines, maybe you have developers who are actually the ones kind of in charge of managing these databases, it's important that you can really quickly resolve what might be going on with your database and, you know, really, really quickly pinpoint any issues and changes that you can go make. So that's where AI-assisted troubleshooting comes in. This is a new capability that we announced this week. We're proactively surfacing up anomalies that might be occurring for your database and going through a series of checks that will kind of root cause what's going on and provide recommendations for changes that we think that you should make. So I want to really quickly demo this, right? Let's say I'm not a database administrator. I'm a developer. I've built out an app. I've been super focused on the development of the app. It's doing really well, but suddenly something goes wrong, right? Suddenly I'm hearing from customers that the client is loading really slowly and I don't know why. What I'm going to do is, you know, first come to Query Insights, which is the main landing page that I use for deep diving why queries might be slow. And you can see here that you see at the bottom, right, that there's this one query, select, and you can see this Analyze button. And what that Analyze button means is that Cloud SQL has detected that something is anomalous with this query. So if you go and click on the Analyze button, we're going to help you identify what might be going wrong. So I'll go here and I can see, you know, if you look at the P50 and the P95 latency, right, you can see that there's this sudden spike right before 2 a.m. So something has gone wrong. And you can look at the series of checks that we're going to make. So, you know, we'll look at changes maybe to query data volume. We'll look at issues with lock contention, maybe some changes to query plan, contention for system resources. We'll go through a series of checks. And, you know, what you can see is really the biggest change here is that there's been a change in the query data volume. So, you know, we've added a bunch of data. The query, you know, isn't optimized for that new data set. So, you know, not only will you be able to kind of quickly identify what might be going wrong, but we'll provide a recommendation for you. So in this case, you know, we've got a query that's not optimized. We're going to recommend an index that you should go add. And because all of this is happening within the console, we'll give you the actual, you know, query that you need to run to go add that index. And you can go directly into Cloud SQL Studio, which is, you know, this client for interacting with your database within the console. And all within minutes, go and perform that update to make sure that, you know, you're back to normal, right? You're now getting the best query performance that you can. So we've talked about a lot, right? We've talked about how you can actually, you know, design an application with ADC. We've talked about how you can actually develop it and all of the capabilities we support within Cloud SQL and all of the toolkits that we have. We've talked about operation and management. I'd love to hear from Ravi, who is, you know, a customer of Cloud SQL from Manhattan Associates about the transformation that Manhattan Associates has been going through with Gen.ai. Thank you, Isabella and Shambhu. What a great session so far. Packed insights, even for me to take back. But let me talk about who I am and who we are. My name is Ravi Marganti. I'm a director of product management for Manhattan Associates. And we were just in this conference recognized as partner of the year for business applications. So let's see what that is all about, right? So Manhattan Associates is a company who wants to move life and commerce forward, right? That's what our goal is. And what we do is we go deep into the area of supply chain commerce and, you know, omni-channel commerce and those areas. Essentially producing products such as warehouse management, transportation management on the supply chain, execution part of it, which is where the backbone of the supply chain is catered to by those type of solutions. And then coming back into the front-end piece of it, you're going to have things like omni, store management, point-of-sale, and other solutions, which is used by the storefronts and mall stores and everywhere else. Essentially what all of this means is from the time you click on a button on the website or you go to the store and buy something, the entire chain of what's happening for either the package to get to your home or for you to go confidently to a store and buy what you want, all of that is being managed by the solutions that we deploy to our customers. Okay? There's one other area of solutions here which is supply chain planning, which is going to do all the demand forecasting and inventory optimization type of things. Now, across all of these solutions, one important consideration to have is the fact that these are based completely on Google Cloud Platform. They're all cloud-native, extensible solutions. They're scalable, elastic, and so on. But for us to be able to do all of it, the underlying framework is to go with Google Cloud SQL for MySQL. Right? So already for seven plus years in production with Google Cloud, we are leveraging all the key capabilities and we are continuously innovating based on some of the features that you saw earlier with Cloud SQL. And that is how we are benefiting not only in the storefront areas but also in the back of the office type of areas where we deploy our solutions. And the sheer numbers that we hit is always going to be in the millions. Right? So on a daily basis, we are running through millions of transactions across our entire customer base. Now, that being the introduction for our company and a quick overview of our technology architecture, let me talk about our generative AI themes that we have been working on. Right? So one is enhanced user experience. With user experience, the goal is for our customers to be able to implement these type of solutions. And again, from what Shumbo showed, the speed at which you can build those applications to what you are seeing is something that's already in production where our customers' customer can ask these type of questions and basically self-sell. Right? So they have the additional capability where our backend systems already have all this data and our customers like, you know, Macy's or Nordstrom, whoever it is, they don't need to integrate with other solutions to be able to serve up this type of chatbots to our customers, their customers rather. And the second part of user experience is the conversational insights. So with this, what we have done is essentially add Gen.ai into our internal phasing tools, right? So when I say internal, our customers, the same Macy's or the same Nordstrom customers, when they go into the warehouse and they need to execute on all those millions of orders, they're going to go through and ask conversational questions like this and get back answers from the Gen.ai based on all the data that's stored in that MySQL database, right? The second theme is accelerated time to market. So this is where we are investing time to ensure that our customers are able to produce their solutions faster. We live and breathe in a very complex industry and it takes, you know, three to six months or sometimes even more to implement our solutions because they're not only implementing it in one store or one DC, but they're going across the entire network typically either in the entire country or across multiple countries. So as they do this, we are adding tools which is going to help them with quicker configuration where our complex solution configurations can be generated through natural language instructions that will get them to a level where they can speed up and deploy those type of configurations or when it comes to the portion of extensibility which is where our customers want to customize their solutions, they can use some of the generative way capabilities that we have put in where when they want to generate code or write an extension, they can do it using some of the tooling that's already in there. The next area is improved productivity in terms of how our associates can improve their productivity and then how our customers can also improve their productivity. So for which we have built vector-based, vector-database-based solutions like knowledge bases as well as built in into our solutions capabilities that is going to summarize conversations with customer engagement professionals and such. And finally, data analysis and insights, right? Because of the huge volume of data that we create in our solutions, we have also been investing time to come up with insights like this where our customers will be able to, on-demand, find out key metrics that they care about and for generative AI to come in and give this type of reporting. Rest assured, all of this type of reporting is already available in our solutions, but the sheer amount of time it takes for someone to go produce these type of reports versus generative AI doing it for them on the fly is a great benefit. And this is where we are collaborating with Google across not just MySQL but across all of their other tooling and capabilities that is part of the ecosystem. And with this, I'll hand it back to Isabella. Before we wrap up, Ravi, I just have a couple of questions. Yeah. You know, the first is, can you talk a little bit just about some of the challenges in integrating Gen AI into your applications? Sure. So with the advent of, you know, the chat GPT moment as I call it, to now, we've had this couple of years and through this entire time with Google partnership using all the tools and the evolution of the models they work with, we were able to go build out some of the solutions that you saw here. and essentially from a challenge standpoint, it started with just knowing this new technology, right? So we have a team of developers, team of business analysts, and the entire R&D team overall trying to pivot to this type of new technology when it is in early days hallucinating and then also wanting to figure out what is the right solution to go put in and what to build were some of the early challenges that we had. And then there are also going to be challenges post-production, right? You have now built an app, it's out there, it's live with the customer, then you're going to get the second set of challenges because you are accountable for every type of answer that you can put in a disclaimer that says this is an AI generated answer, take it for what it's worth, but in practice nobody reads those disclaimers and they may in fact go do something even if it's actually incorrect, so we need to be very careful on what type of results that we produce, right? These are the couple of things that we saw. I think that really resonates with when Shambhu was showing the demo about booking a flight, you really want to make sure the right flight gets booked, right? For sure. So any tips that you would have for other companies that are thinking of going through this? So given our experience and collaboration with Google, obviously I think the first thing I would say is being in the ecosystem, right? All of you are here in the Google conference and you might have seen the sheer number of tools and capabilities that are being announced here, but it's not just about Cloud SQL giving, you know, that type of generative app building capability. It's more on the models, it's more on grounding, it's more on, you know, vector databases, monitoring, and, you know, even the evaluation. There are so many things that are required to get this to go, but the technology aside, there's also going to be the question of why. Do I need to do it for the sake of Gen AI, or is there something of value within my solution with which you can go build it? So essentially pivoting out on the four to six key use cases where your customers would benefit and what type of value, is it speed, like you saw those themes that I put, is it going to improve the speed of what somebody already does? Is it going to give them insights? You need to kind of figure out by those use cases on what you want to attempt to and then go with it. Awesome, yeah. Final question, you know, what's the biggest benefit you would say about running your databases with Cloud SQL? So cloud, there are several benefits, Isabella, but the biggest one is, you know, just the partnership with Google, and I think over the last seven years, just how much we have kind of collaborated on both sides, right, increasing our capabilities, you having to deliver us features again and again, like we saw even here today, which we'll immediately put into production, and the reason we need to do this is we promise a uninterrupted coverage when somebody's on our cloud solutions, right? So in our business, there's no way we can give downtime and then upgrade a database and get the customer back on, because they're all running 24 by 7 operations and their systems cannot be down, and we have had great partnership with Google with that, right? So then the second part of it is when you have to troubleshoot something, we have seen tools like query analyzer and all the enhancements that they've put in there, we're able to quickly pivot to cloud SQL issues and then fix those type of issues, and finally the low latency piece of it and just the managed service overall, like not having to do a lot of things that you would otherwise have to do when you run these databases has been a big plus. That's awesome, thank you so much. All right, thanks. So, you know, this is probably one of the last sessions you're going to attend today, so thank you for sticking with it with us. There are a couple of sessions that will have been recorded that we would recommend you check out. The first is a session really focused on the platform of Cloud SQL. This is maximizing the availability and performance of your Cloud SQL workloads. It happened this morning. This session should be recorded and you'll be able to access it on the next website. And then the other is beyond the hype, real world applications of Gen AI and databases. You know, I know that sometimes the thought of Gen AI app development can feel a little bit nebulous, so this is a great session about some, you know, actual practical applications of Gen AI. We'd love your feedback. I think there's a session survey in the mobile app, and with that, if anyone has questions, we would love to take them. Theistorical Consonion Proc cargo a button, or to to turn that will be a end. Shut a new 我是 GU tim can