 Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music My name is Hamsa Bhavaragan and I lead AI Gen AI product strategy across the Google Cloud Databases portfolio. This is a recap of my session on building powerful knowledge agents using Lama Index and Google Cloud Databases. AI agent ecosystem is evolving rapidly. There are three main trends we see in Gen AI innovation. The first trend is we are doing more than just generating text and interacting with text. We are now interacting with multiple modalities such as audio, video and images. In addition to that, we are seeing a rise of AI agents and AI agentic workflows. In addition to that, employees are using Gen AI to retrieve knowledge and they are interacting with this retrieved knowledge and information. AI agents are typically model powered entities that can reason, plan and take action to achieve a certain set of goals. This can be over a single iteration or multiple iteration. They typically invoke tools to take action. And this action could be fetching data from a data source, could be calling APIs or other services. As developers are building multi-agent architectures, the complexity increases. How do you handle the connection pooling, authentication and security? This is why we built MCP toolbox for databases. This sits in between the application orchestration layer and databases and provides better manageability, observability and security for AI agents. We are also compatible with Anthropics model context protocol and support a wide range of Google Cloud managed databases and open source databases. We also support orchestration frameworks like Lama Index, Lank Chain and ADK. At Google Cloud, we know how important it is to infuse Gen AI across our portfolio. That is why we support Vector Search, Natural Language to SQL and AI models in SQL. And we have an open ecosystem integration. Lama Index provides the end-to-end knowledge agent stack. Lama Cloud helps with knowledge management. The framework is really easy for building multi-agent workflows. You can build a lot of different use cases. And one of them is report generation. And I will share a demo. We have built out multiple integrations with Lama Index on our open source and Google managed Postgres databases. And we launched these integrations because we see several benefits. These include secure authentication, improved performance through the use of connection pooling, built-in indexing and native asynchronous programming support. Here is a simple use case of report generation. A logistics company wants to quickly onboard their employees in various departments and across the states in the U.S. And each of the states has different compliance and regulation policies. Each of these employees have different skill sets. So to do something like this, we need to create a multi-agent workflow. But first of all, you need to set up the enterprise knowledge bases and then create the multi-agent architecture. Various steps are involved in this report generation use case. These include advanced document processing, knowledge base interaction, and a multi-agent workflow architecture. So here is a demo. In this demo, you can see first we are using a handbook generator and providing the scope, the various skills, providing information about the state they reside in, and then we hand it off to the agents. The research agent takes over and starts calling different data tools such as searching operating procedures, searching tutorials, and so on. After this, it hands off to the next agent. This is the right agent. This is the right agent. This is the right agent. It again does a different set of tool calling and then starts drafting the onboarding guide. However, we need someone to review this. So we hand this off to a review agent which takes the help of the LLM to review this guide. And lo and behold, we have an onboarding guide in less than a couple of minutes. This shows you a great way of how you can build powerful knowledge agents very easily with LLM index and access your data from the databases. Thank you. Thank you.