 I am very excited to share the stage today with Ali Farhadi, the CEO of the Allen Institute for AI. I am particularly proud of this partnership with AI2 and the work we are doing together to, oh, advance cancer research and cancer care through AI discovery. In partnership with the Cancer AI Alliance. To support scientists and researchers to advance scientific research such as life cell science, neuroscience, through open models and tools and technologies designed for a researcher. And to help Google customers build medical agents. Medical agents that can be used in remote locations where people don't have access to doctors. We are doing that together. And to be honest with you, we are at an inflection point right now. And I think we can all truly say we've entered a new era of innovation. Think about it. Every single industry and entire societies are witnessing sweeping change. And AI is the driving force. This is not about incremental improvement. This is about total transformation. This is the promise of AI. And it's here. And it is now. The fastest way forward is together. And we believe, we strongly believe, that collaborations like ours reflect the promise and the potential in this new era of innovation. I think the best way to truly understand the impact of this important partnership and AI2's work is to hear directly from the source. So, to that end, I'm delighted to introduce Ali Farhadi, the CEO of the Allen Institute for AI. Please join me in welcoming him. Let's get started. Tell the audience, tell us all about the important mission of AI2 and your vision. Absolutely. AI2 is a nonprofit AI research organization founded by late Paul Allen more than a decade ago. Our mission is to enable breakthrough AI, not for the sake of AI, to be able to help solve some of the biggest problems and challenges facing humanity today. We have a group of some of the world's best researchers and engineers in AI working really hard towards that mission, working on some of the hardest, most challenging, and in our opinion, most impactful problems there is. There are three main areas of focus, three main pillars of AI2 that we work on. The first one is, we call it open ecosystem. This is our effort in opening up every aspect of an AI system. As you alluded to and you talked about it, this includes the data, the algorithms, the training, the checkpoints, the evaluation, all together to enable a wider community of developers, practitioners, engineers to be able to benefit from these kind of technologies. Our second pillar of work we call AI for science. This is us trying to use AI to help scientists with some of the biggest problems they face. This includes information overload. This includes discovery using AI. This includes having specific models for specific science domains. And our third pillar we call the AI for the planet. This is our work in helping the planet with AI. And we've been hard at work in that domain for over a decade. So we now have solutions that are operationalized in more than 70 countries. Monitoring land, monitoring sea, for animal movements, for anti-poaching, illegal fishing, wildfire prediction, climate modeling. Today at Google Cloud Next, you made an important announcement about Almo Trace, which is this idea that not only is it fully open, but now you have this full data traceability. And how the model is making decisions and how the model is making decisions and a person can go in and actually understand through tracing that data how a model came to its conclusion. Tell us more about that and how you came to believe that this was so important for AI research going forward. Absolutely. So data plays a central role in modern AI stack. At this point, we all should believe in the fact that data defines the behavior of a model. Data defines the expected capabilities of the model. And any issue in the data will surface itself one way or another into the generations of the model. But openness is a challenging, costly concept. These models are trained on trillions of tokens, billions of documents. And our thought was that openness was not as accessible as we wanted this to be. Yeah. With Almo Trace, we're actually bringing accessibility to openness, enabling everybody to start looking into the inner workings of the relationships between the input and output of these models. Ali, let's your imagination, let's let it run wild. What are you most excited about in AI and applications of AI now and going forward? And how does an open but private model really benefit those new applications? The domain that I'm most excited about when we think about agenting AI, and I'm biased in my own way, is when actually agenting AI meets science. So an AI agent that could actually help scientists with their research, do the literature sentences, answer questions about the literature, being able to actually help them with hypothesis generation, with evaluation, is the kind of agenting work that I'm most excited about. At AI too, we've been working on that for a while now. And I'm excited that soon we're actually releasing the first version of this whole framework around what does it mean to do agenting AI work when we think about science and science discovery. I'm curious, what are you most excited about on that upward trajectory? What are the things that you imagine for the future of humanity that agents, agenting AI, or AI in general are going to really solve for? The list is long. My personal favorite space that I would hope we see more investments, more activity, and more progress in, and we've been working on it, is AI for the planet. Being able to see AI helping our planet. I think AI is actually well-poised to start thinking about those. When we think about a planet, the planet data is highly multimodal. Like actually pushing the boundaries of multimodality the way we think about it as AI practitioners. We have all sorts of data. It's hard to align them. It's hard to actually map them. There's so much missing information within that data. But it's multimodal in nature. And I think the problem of training truly multimodal, native multimodal solutions for the planet that encompasses all of these challenging data with all the challenges that exist would actually go a long way as we're thinking about how we protect the planet, how we monitor it, but also how we start thinking about predictive tasks. Disaster management, we're still being surprised by storms, by wildfires, being better at those. All of those things, we actually get better at them by having better multimodal models available and accessible to the people who actually care about this domain. You know, we have long believed, Google, this mission of, you know, really bringing technology to do important things for humanity. And we found this perfect partner in AI2 with your mission and sensibility around humanity and the use of AI to solve for these big micro challenges. So I see the value in that partnership. I'd love to hear in your words how you see this partnership working and evolving and what makes it special. Absolutely. So I do believe that AI will change our lives, will improve our lives the ways that we've never seen before. Many, many, many aspects of our lives. And I do believe that getting AI to that state is a challenging, hard task. No single institution, no single company, regardless of their size and capabilities, is just capable of doing that. Specifically with AI and in general, most partnerships, we've seen so many that succeed, so many that fail. To me, the ones that succeeded beyond expectations are the ones that they started by a sense of shared alignment. A shared roadmap, a shared sense of mission. And I'm jazzed and delighted to actually that Google and AI2 found that sense of, that shared sense of mission, working together on some of the hardest problem that facing humanity. So I understand the past few at the College of the experience to learn with that space... And, though, the rank wall is, in terms of the flowway inog robot itself. Right, I get connected to the theory of death by the USWSC. And so I get connected to HOSC Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.