 Today we're talking about conquering cloud migrations, specifically strategies for small but mighty IT teams. We heard this line from a customer when we were talking to them about their migration. We're in constant tension between revenue and modernization and every time revenue wins. What this means is that even as we are embarking on modernization and migration efforts, we must keep our eyes on costs, revenue, and how we are amplifying our business through the process of migration and modernization. We're going to talk about some of the tools that we have at Google Cloud to help you do that, that are specifically relevant for small IT teams. All customers experience certain challenges as they work to migrate and modernize their environments. They struggle with analysis paralysis, with readiness both operational and technical, with understanding their application dependencies, with technical anchors in their environment. And then they have questions about the resiliency and scale of their environments in the cloud, how to secure those, and of course what it means for capacity and cost. In addition to all of those things, small IT teams face challenges with limited expertise and budget constraints. They have security concerns and they have integration complexities and they struggle to keep pace with change. We like to talk about migration as a five-step journey. All of these steps need to be completed as part of a migration effort. So first, you must estimate. You need to know what your workloads are going to look like in a cloud environment from a cost perspective. Then you must discover. You have to understand exactly what workloads are in your environment and then you have to assess that data that you gather on discovery. What is the migration, what are your migration waves going to look like, what applications need to move together, and what's the overall architecture for your environment. That leads us to the planning phase where you determine what your cloud foundation is going to look like, define your migration waves, and start developing a POC. Once all that's done, then it's time to migrate your workloads. Migration Center is a free tool that provides end-to-end support for customers who are on a migration journey. Migration Center deploys in your Google Cloud project. You have complete and total control of that data. It's going to provide use cases and best practices and tools to help you along the journey. In addition to Migration Center, we have our RAMP program, which stands for Rapid Migration Migration and Modernization. RAMP is a holistic end-to-end program with not only resources and tools, but also an extensive partner ecosystem to bring partners alongside you to help augment your teams as you implement a migration. Let's talk a little bit about Triarch Health and their migration journey. Triarch was in a situation where their co-location provider was no longer going to be providing the services that they needed. So they needed a clear line of sight for their modernization journey. They needed to know where their workloads were going to land. They wanted to optimize costs and provide additional savings. But more importantly, they needed a seamless transition that didn't interrupt their business and allowed their workloads to migrate quickly. In addition, they wanted to provide access to other cloud services like BigQuery and our AI tooling. They were incredibly successful in their migration. First of all, 30 percent cost savings achieved in month one, and they maintained that to date. So they continue to see savings for their migration of this environment. They have better control over their infrastructure, both from an operational and a security standpoint. And they're able to access the vast amounts of data with additional Google Cloud tools like BigQuery. They're able to run applications in GKE, and they're able to use Gemini to help continue to optimize billing and database performance in their environment. So they need to be testing in real world scenarios with the teams and people that are going to actually be performing the migration. Then you need to continue to refine the process with the pilot and then plan and execute those migrations according to all of the things that you've learned through the process. Key takeaways from this session. Small IT teams experience additional challenges when migrating to the cloud. They must estimate, discover, assess, plan, and migrate their workloads. Google Cloud provides free tooling like Migration Center that can help along this journey. And also, we have a vast partner network who can help accelerate these migrations and offload some of the work. Most importantly, none of this is theoretical. Customers like Triarch Health have had successful migration projects that have completed on time and on budget. Thank you for your time and attention today. To know more about the RAMP program, go to cloud.google.com slash RAMP or search for Migration Center in your Google Cloud Console.