 Hello, everybody. Welcome. Thank you for coming. We're going to be talking about cloud compliance with confidence made simple today. I'm Matt Gar, Group Product Management in cloud security, and I'm joined by Nitin. I'm the engineering lead for compliance manager. We'll just talk about it soon. Yeah, so let's get right into it. So this is all of us. So myself and Nitin, we are the product and eng folks here, and then we're going to be joined by three of our favorite customers here to have a nice discussion on meeting compliance in the cloud. So first of all, we know that compliance and sovereignty are both a challenge for many of our customers, such as yourselves. On the one hand, regulatory frameworks are always changing. There's tons of them. And especially in today's world of geopolitical shifts, every day is sort of a new set of requirements. We're also seeing an increase in the set of sovereignty requirements internationally in terms of looking and needing to protect from things like extraterritorial data access, maintain sovereignty over data operations as well as software. And then finally, tool boat is always a challenge, right? So how do you have a single area that you can manage your compliance end-to-end? And then also take a more proactive posture rather than a reactive posture to stay in compliance rather than go fix things after the fact. So our mission here is to make compliance simple. We've been doing this for years already with assured workloads, and we'll talk about assured workloads. But we're building on a lot to that that we'll see in the demo momentarily. First, we're making compliance end-to-end and preventative. That's controls that go deep into the infrastructure to keep you in compliance, as well as having an end-to-end environment that spans from configuration to monitoring and then finally to auditing as well. We're also building AI directly into the platform. And in this case, we're using AI for things like generating new controls, analyzing regulatory frameworks, and a number of other use cases that we'll talk about coming up here. So without any further ado, I'm going to have Nitin, demo compliance manager. Cool. Thanks, Matt. Hi, everyone. Let's dive into how compliance manager simplifies achieving and managing compliance, especially for organizations with complex needs, such as our hypothetical customer, Global Secure Defense. Global Secure needs to run FedRAMP-HI workloads to meet the government compliance. They need to also comply with various global standards, as well as internal data security policies. Let's get to the demo. Okay. Give a second. Can we switch to the demo, please? So first, we'll see a compliance manager interface within Security Command Center. Global Secure can see a consolidated view of that entire real-time compliance posture across their Google Cloud organization against the standard frameworks like AI protection, CIS, as well as Assured Workload's FedRAMP-HI framework. They can easily see their overall compliance scores. They can see the framework coverage, as well as they can see the critical findings. They can filter the findings by categories or severity. They can actually look into the findings to get details about, you know, violating resources. Let's click into one. I have a finding opened up for demo. They can see the violated resources. They can also be able to get remediation guidance, all within Security Command Center. Now, as I mentioned, Global Secure needs FedRAMP-HI for processing their U.S. federal data, which is where they see EU's Assured Workloads right here. Let's click into what they see here. They can see a complete status of the regulated environment. They can also look at the compliance trend, integrating findings and reporting seamlessly in one place. This gives them confidence that their FedRAMP-HI controls are active and being monitored continuously, right alongside everything else. Now, let's get to managing frameworks. As we talked about, Global Secure needs FedRAMP-HI, but also needs to comply with various standards, global standards like CIS3.0, as well as comply with their internal security policies mandated by the CISO. In Frameworks library, within the compliance manager interface, they can get to see pre-built-in options for the various standard frameworks like AI Protection Platform. You can see CIS GCP 3.0. They can also look at data security framework, as well as FedRAMP-HI Assured Workloads. They can easily deploy this framework to a newly created Assured Workloads project or folder. Let's go into one. They can either create a project or they can create a folder. Let's just give a quick name of the folder. They can look through all the controls going to be enforced. They can actually open up one of the controls to see what are the rules going to be applied in their org policy. So here they can see all the allowed locations that will be enabled, added into the org policy. They can then enforce the framework as well. Once the framework is deployed, the monitoring is continuous, as we were looking at in the monitoring page. Now, as we talked about, they also need to comply with internal data security policies mandated by the CISO. Global Secure CISO would like to have stricter data protection, as well as confidential computing across all environments. This is not in one of their standard frameworks, which is where customization comes in. They can easily create a custom framework, either from grounds up, or they can start from an existing framework like CIS 3.0. They can give a quick name to the framework. Let's give a name. I have created a bunch, so I'm giving some name. They can easily deselect, granularly deselect any of the cloud controls they do not want in the new custom framework, or they can add cloud controls as well from a huge library that we have around 400 plus cloud controls. Now, for example, they want to enable CMEK for all their vertex AI datasets. Either they can browse from the cloud control library, or they can use AI to suggest, let's use AI. So this is what their engineer can provide, express the intent. We'll search. Let's see if Gemini can find one of the controls. Yeah, there is one. So Global Secure can actually add this into their framework. They also need to enable specific individuals to have access to the data. Let's see if they can find any data access controls. Well, they did find one, so they will add that too. They can simply add it from the cloud control suggested, suggested cloud controls to the custom framework. Now, as I mentioned, Global Secure CISO wants to have all the compute VMs running sensitive production financial data to have confidential compute enabled to ensure there is enhanced data protection in use. That is not in any of the built-in cloud controls, which is where customization comes in. Now, as you may realize, creating a custom control detector can be complex, and which is where AI comes to a rescue. The engineer can provide their intent in natural language in this AI feature. So let's say this. Mandate that all GC VMs with environment sensitive must have confidential compute enabled. Jiminy will analyze the intent and come up with a suggested cloud control like that. And the engineer can provide a very quick name of the control. They can review the suggested cell expression, which you notice it's prefilled with the condition for the tag here. They can, of course, confirm or customize it. Then they can go on to add any remediation or finding severity. And boom, they are able to create this cloud control and add it to their custom framework. They can go ahead to finish the custom framework. But wait, they need to provide an additional parameter for their data access governance control to share what, to say what all principles are allowed to access. So let's give a CISO team at globalsecure.in. And they can go ahead and create the framework. So what you saw was they were able to create a custom framework with AI assistance, you know, saving a lot of time and as well as reducing chances of misconfiguration when it comes to creating custom controls. Now, preparing for audits. Global Secure can run an audit for any of the standard frameworks as well as the custom frameworks. As you see, they can select a scope for this audit. They look at various standard frameworks. They'll be able to look at one of the custom frameworks as well. I had created this right before the demo. And the new ones that we created just now. Let's select one of the frameworks. Choose AI. Give it a buzz. They can easily select a storage bucket, view the assessment plan if they want, and be done. For demo purposes, I already ran an audit to see the generated report. All of the collected audit evidence is mapped to all the controls within the framework, which makes it easy and streamlines the process for internal reviews as well as external audits. Let's take a look at one of the controls here. You can see the automated evidence that was collected right here. They can actually open it, which is stored in their own storage bucket, and share it with their auditors. So, to wrap it up, Global Secure uses FedRAMP High within assured workloads, creates and monitors a custom framework with AI assistance, and is able to run audit across both to have automated audit evidence collection. Back to you, Matt, to take us to the presentation. Thank you so much, Nitin. So, if we could flip back to the slides. I want to just reiterate a few points about why we're so excited about Compliance Manager. First off, as we talked about, this ability to configure, monitor, and audit, and just manage everything in one pane of glass, gets us to really supporting the end-to-end needs. Customization has also been a big place where we've seen customers need to have that ability to bring in new cloud controls, or have use cases like, maybe I have both FedRAMP as well as healthcare needs. How do I compose these together, while also monitoring against what my CISO is asking for? And what we can do with this is set that set of preventative controls in place. You can keep yourself safe, and then also be able to customize and monitor against all those different frameworks that you care about, right? Because it's not just one. Now, Nitin talked a bit about frameworks and cloud controls, and this is that underlying model that powers this. So, with assured workloads, we've applied controls for years. This is moving into a new architecture for frameworks and cloud controls, which essentially lets us compose the controls together to then put the set of controls in there, right? By adding assured workloads frameworks in, there's a baseline of those tried-and-true sets of controls that we've worked with authorization bodies to ensure that it's the right compliance boundary, but then also layer on additional context on top of that. So, we really see this meeting the flexibility requirements that we've been looking to solve for some years. So, we're quite excited about it. Now, that said, assured workloads is not going away, right? It is going to have a little bit of a different look and feel in Security Command Center. That existing interface is going to be there for quite some time, APIs, et cetera. So, this will be a little bit of a journey, and we're going to make sure there's continuity for anyone who is an existing assured workloads customer today. But to talk about assured workloads and sovereign controls, I want to just reiterate how this actually works and how we think we solve the problems for compliance in a way that really makes compliance consumable for you as customers. So, unlike segmented environments like a GovCloud, for example, we implement a set of software-defined controls on top of Google Cloud Platform. This lets us meet in a single GCP organization to meet regulatory requirements, whether that's IL-5, FedRAMP, HIPAA, CGIS, many different requirements, and we have packages for each one of those. Also, internationally, we can meet sovereign requirements, right? We can use external key management, key access justifications, and a whole host of controls that let customers maintain that control and keep sovereignty over their data. Now, what are these controls that we're talking about? So, this is a number of the controls that are in place. We provide control over data residency at rest in use in transit. We provide access controls, so that's both transparency over access as well as access approvals. So, we can keep tabs of who was accessing the environment. Did they have the right authorizations? Were they accredited personnel? Assured support is a capability where we have localized support. This is live in the EU, the U.S., Canada, and select other markets with partners. And what that does is enables you to make sure that a support case is only processed by a person that's in the right region to extend the data residency controls and has the right accreditations. Key management and encryption. This is absolutely critical to the data sovereignty story. You can maintain your own keys using customer-managed encryption keys or CMEK. You can also extend that into external key management for that piece of holding keys completely outside of Google. In that case, if there, for example, is an extraterritorial data request, the only thing that can be handed over is an encrypted blob. Access control and access transparency, we talked about a bit. Service usage restrictions. So, making sure that you're only using that set of services and that set of APIs that is authorized. And then, finally, monitoring auditing. We talked about those. There's already an Assured Workloads monitoring capability today that identifies any drift as well as the audit manager. Those are all coming together within the compliance manager in the near future. So, one of the main selling points or customer values of Assured Workloads is that you can have a global deployment that scales. Right? There's no need to re-architect. And we'll hear this from some of our customers in a few moments. So, unlike having a GovCloud here, another architecture here, you can really design it once and then start to roll it out across different regions that may have different compliance requirements. And that's just a matter of having different folders in a single organization. And this enables customers to really hit their regulated requirements without making compromises. What are some of the compromises we see with other approaches? One is scaling. Right? So, in a isolated cloud, there's only so much hardware that can lead to brownouts, can lead to just the inability to scale to some of the really resource-intensive workloads like artificial intelligence. By contrast, by running these software-defined controls on top of Google Cloud, we're able to make use of the full scope and scale of the Google infrastructure. And that includes dedicated hardware like TPUs and GPUs to run AI workloads. Also meeting the diverse regulatory requirements. So, this, again, is the full list of those that we have in the United States. And any of these can be just a one-click deployment to create a folder and roll out the right set of preventative controls. Now, digital sovereignty. We also meet digital sovereignty requirements with Assured Workloads. At Google, we actually look at sovereignty in three main dimensions. Data, operational, and software. Assured Workloads provides predominantly data sovereignty, but also, to some degree, operational sovereignty. So, let me explain what those are. Data sovereignty is really about keeping control of your data. That includes not just residency, but also maintaining control of keys. Right? So, in that way, you are the ultimate arbiter of who can access that data. Operational sovereignty is who is actually operating the controls and also who is operating the cloud. With Assured Workloads and sovereign controls, we have partnerships in Europe and a number of other regions where we have local partners who are actually operating some of these controls. They're managing an external key management service on behalf of customers. They're providing local support. And they're also looking over access transparency logs and access approvals to make sure that the controls are working as they should and that there is no unauthorized access. Now, operational sovereignty also extends into things like operating the cloud itself. And while beyond the scope of Assured Workloads, you may have heard about the trusted cloud that we're building with Sons in France to meet Seqnum cloud requirements. In that case, because we know that not all sovereignty needs are the same, we've built basically a joint company with Sons, part of Talos, to actually manage the cloud itself. This lets us meet some of the stringent requirements like Seqnum cloud and also be prepared as we see the sovereignty regulations evolving. And finally, software sovereignty. Software sovereignty is about do you maintain control over your software? Does the cloud keep running in a disconnected fashion? Some of this is covered with trusted partner cloud. The other offering here is Google distributed cloud, which has a set of on-premises hardware that can actually process secret workloads. So, we have a power of choice for sovereignty because we know that not every workload is made the same and not every country is the same. So, Assured Workloads powers the regional controls, so that's predominantly data residency and access transparency, extending to sovereign controls where we bring in key management. That can be operated by a customer. It can also be operated by one of our partners in the EU and Middle East. And then we talked about the sovereign cloud for specialized requirements like Seqnum cloud and distributed where we get into those DoD and classified workloads. So, it's a matter of we have many offers. We see that as a feature, not a bug, because of the fact that the world is so diverse in terms of the sovereignty requirements. Now, local partnerships. This is the set of partners that we have launched with in the sovereign controls by partners offering. So, SANS, T-Systems, KDDI, Telecom Italia, and SIA Minsight. Each of these partners are operating one of those managed services for external key management and providing local support. SANS is the partner where we also extended into the trusted partner cloud where they're operating that standalone universe as well to meet the Seqnum cloud requirements. And so, what are some of the things that are also new about assured workloads and sovereign controls? So, this is the fun announcement part. First, we've been really focused on enabling AI to run in compliant environments. And so, two pieces to this. First is cloud AI for the U.S. public sector. We've been working with the regulatory bodies to get authorization for AI services. And we're now up to 16 AI services for FedRAMP-I and four for IL-5. These numbers are going to continue to increase as we implement controls across the broader set of Vertex services and also continue to work with the regulatory bodies to get them authorized for use. Some of the key use cases, generative AI on Vertex as well as Vertex AI search are now authorized and able to be used. And customers can start building multimodal applications as well in a FedRAMP environment. Sovereign AI services. You may have heard Thomas refer to this in the keynote. So, part of sovereign AI services is running them within assured workloads. So, Gen AI and Vertex AI and Vertex AI search are the two primary ones. We're looking at agent space in the near future. And we've extended the platform controls to these AI services. So, data location, local ML processing, protection from external access, and then operator access audits as well. So, this is really extending the ability to use AI services within the context of compliance and sovereignty, which has been one of the top requests we've been hearing from customers for some time. We'll also be bringing with Compliance Manager a Google Cloud Security Baseline. This is actually launched. You may have heard about this in other sessions. But it's also coming to Compliance Manager. This will be on by default. We'll be able to monitor against that. And that establishes a nice compliance baseline that's near FedRAMP requirements that then you can tailor, add more controls to it, monitor against it. And that's a really good way to get started and just assess your current compliance state. This will have a number of org policies as well as other compliance controls and form that good starting point to start the compliance journey on Google Cloud. In terms of service and feature enhancements, a few things to mention here. We continue to march forward on service availability. Our goal is to continue to get the most requested services onto GCP in compliant environments. So, we're in the hundreds for FedRAMP at this point. The rest continue to follow suit as we work with all of the service teams to make sure that we have all the right controls in place. Compliance discovery. So, Gemini Cloud Assist, being able to ask it questions like, how do I meet FedRAMP requirements? And it can start to point you to the right set of frameworks, the right steps to get going. That's one of the first steps in the AI journey. You saw what Nithin was showing earlier, the ability to actually create new controls. And we're going to keep pushing the frontiers here. The last piece is deployment, which has historically been folders only in Assured workloads. And we've extended that to projects as well to just provide a little bit more flexibility. We'll continue also pushing towards application where we can actually go after the different projects and resources within a folder. Now, that's it for the pitch and the presentation. What I want to do now is actually bring up our three customers here. So, Matias, Michael, and Ian, who are some of the longest-term Assured workloads users. And we'll actually talk about how they're meeting their compliance requirements. So, welcome to the stage, everybody. And Nithin's going to come back and help moderate the session. All right. Welcome, folks. Well, it's good to be here with you. Excited to talk about compliance and how you've been using Assured workloads and how you intend to use some of these new capabilities we're bringing to market as well. So, the first thing I would love to do is just if we could do a quick round of introductions. Absolutely. Thanks, Matt. Thanks for having us. My name is Matias Rosker, working for SAP, a global enterprise software company, delivering basically enterprise functionality to many enterprises globally. And obviously, as we're working globally across all different industries and countries, we meet a lot of compliance and regulatory requirements across the different regions. And that's what we are actually using Assured workloads in some parts for, to really help us comply and build a foundation for this delivery here. Hi. Thanks, Michael. Hi. I'm Michael Clark. I work at Palo Alto Networks as a senior product manager for our SASE product line. And, you know, one of the things that I've really enjoyed doing is innovating and taking compliance to be the first in the industry to bring a PCI-compliant cloud back in 2010. Having to present to the virtualization special interest group and a bunch of CISOs on why a virtual environment could be PCI-compliant. And then here at Palo Alto Networks today, really confronted with the forest of, can you build the first FedRAMP-high authorized environment in the company? Can you build the first DOD IL-5 authorized environment in the company? Can you build an IRAP authorized environment, ISMAP, a C5 environment? Can you do this throughout the world as well as sovereign cloud offerings? Hi, everybody. My name is Ian Mortimer. I work for PegSip. We are a video platforms, video communication platform provider. We operate in two sort of areas. The first is we're the, I guess we're the world leader in video interoperability. So we can connect any device, whether it's a room system or a native system, through to any other meeting platform and allow that sort of seamless joint experience no matter which platform you provide. We also offer a complete and comprehensive secure communications platform that you can own and host yourself to provide the, to meet your security and compliance needs. We work with some of the world's largest governments, defense agencies, healthcare agencies, judicial services, banks and finance to help them meet, meet their specific needs, you know, with GDPR, ISO, NIST2, SHREMS2. So yeah, we build these platforms for that. Thank you. You already did the intro. Then you want to go to the next time? I'm Nitin. I'm the engineering lead in GCP on compliance manager that we just demoed. It was all live. Great. So I can get started with this, right? So building on what you folks shared, Matthews, Michael and Ayan, could you elaborate on how you're leveraging assured workloads in GCP to meet these various regulatory needs? Maybe Ayan, we can start with you. Sure. Yeah, so we have, we're using assured workloads in our video platform as a service. So this is a platform that's designed as an easy to consume, flexible solution that allows customers to build really bespoke workflows that integrate directly with your very specific needs of customers that have very demanding sovereign requirements. So assured workloads allows us to, you know, provide that level of, you know, not just saying we're compliant, but we have to actually prove it with a real defensible audit trail. So we think this is going to be a real differentiator from our service. Yeah, for my side, you know, I pull out to networks, you know, I sat through a five-hour session reviewing 425 controls with my 100 engineers. And what I realized is that wasn't going to cut it because there was a thousand more behind it that needed to build 25 to 30 other products. So I quickly came to the conclusion it was better for me to go with assured workloads and give engineering one simple rule. Enable assured workloads with FedRAMP high enabled so that we can ensure that operationally, from a support perspective, U.S. persons are touching the data and that the regions and locations of the data all stay within the U.S. And then that enabled us to build our first kind of sovereign U.S. cloud at Peloton Networks. Okay. In SAP, we've been, over the past years, expanding quite a bit of and a broader set of our portfolio into Google Cloud. And along with that, also into different parts of the world as we basically serve globally our customers here. And along that expansion, we've been encountering also locations that were quite challenging for us to actually deliver into. And there particularly, we met requirements that assured workloads helped us comply to local data residency, more controls in transit, in-country controls, and so forth. And that's where we started basically bringing our existing deployments on Google Cloud into an assured workloads environment. And that was a pretty good experience. I guess we developed a pretty close relationship over these projects of really expanding there. And from that perspective, we have really made a huge step forward in global delivery using assured workloads here. Besides just a global expansion, we've also been offering, since a longer time in SAP, specific operations models, like supporting customers from Europe only, an offering which we call EU access as an operations tool, provide our customers with guarantees that only certain, say, operations staff would operate the cloud and support the cloud, which was a perfect fit to assured workloads offerings that you just elaborated. Awesome. Thank you. And I love these answers. And the partnership has been amazing work with all of you. And I think some of what's been really interesting to see is just how you have leveraged assured workloads to meet this global set of requirements, right? And once we got the first one up and running, it was, you know, starting to push them out. We had the services in place. We understood the controls. And it's been really interesting to see that where you can meet these global needs with one solution, as we've talked about in the last few minutes. So we thank you for that partnership. I want to shift gears a little bit and talk about the current buzzword, which, of course, is artificial intelligence. And AI is definitely coming into compliance, right? Now, also, compliance is an area where risks are something we need to carefully consider, right? And we don't want to do anything that violates compliance. So I'm just interested in your perspectives on how do you see AI coming in? What are your thoughts on some of the directions that we're heading? And what are some considerations that you're looking at? Maybe, Matthias? Yes. I think, Michael, you've been elaborating that quite well. Like FedRAMP with its 425 controls and whatsoever, it's a vast amount of information that needs to be processed. And AI can be a good help of really, say, digesting this, working through this complex set of information and keeping up to date with this. I still consider AI in that space currently, say, a supporting technology. I think we'll have to do some more steps to really make that a leading technology that really can offload a lot and that we can entrust also the full control of these aspects. So as of today, still, we need to retain the respective knowledge on controls, on frameworks, on requirements, regulatory compliance in teams. But it can be a good productivity helper, as we've seen also in a compliance manager, to help you set up the controls, the tooling, and so forth. Yeah, from my perspective, I look at AI as how do we enable teams cross-functionally who deal with compliance, whether it's lawyers, CISO, non-technical people, project managers, program managers. How do we enable them to know at any point in time the standing and the risk in front of them? Are we compliant? Are the controls in place? Has anybody deviated from the controls? Or are we actually managing our plan of actions or compensating controls correctly? You know, being able to quickly go in and use some kind of AI agent to gather and pull data to understand where those deltas are from the baselines so that people don't have to go from a spreadsheet looking through one by one that may or may not have been updated. I think I agree and I'll echo a lot of the previous statements. We have a relatively small team at Pexip, and this is a constantly changing environment. The regulations are changing all the time. And the level of complexity and understanding you need to have with these controls, I think AI will definitely help to generate those initial steps to help you build these complex controls. I think what we need to be aware of is the interpretation and the intent that's in these controls and making sure that what you say is actually done. I think the audit trails and what you see in compliance manager will actually help us. You know, it will get better and things will improve, as it always does. But just having that audit trail there means you can actually be sure that what you have said has actually been implemented. So I think that's quite key. I think one of the interesting themes I'm hearing, I think from all three of you, is that AI can really be a very strong assistant. But also, we need to continue to keep the human in the loop, right? At least until there's a certain level of trust built. Who knows in the future, right? But at this point in time. And I think that's a lot of the product discussions that we're having as well, right? You saw in Nitin's demo when we're generating a new control, it's showing the code that can be edited, that can be looked at. We can audit against those. And I think that's really a core of the philosophy of how we're developing these features to make sure that it is an assistant, that it helps you do your job more efficiently. Whether it's processing that large set of regulatory frameworks and controls, creating one, or synthesizing across different findings. But at this point, continuing to be that assistant to help you do your job better. And in addition, really thanks for the insightful perspectives here, right? And highlighting the importance of AI. But as well as underscoring the need for accuracy and trust in AI, right? So as we are heading into the future direction of Compliance Manager and the global industry, what advice would you have for organizations which are getting started with cloud compliance? Maybe, Matthias, we can start with you. Sure, thanks. For us, it has been really helpful to have, say, Google deliver a compliance baseline tool set that we can rely on and that we can use. And in addition, the partnership has been the key to our success here. I guess the close relationship we built over the last year has been essential for enabling us to really leverage short workloads to the amount we do today. And that has been really instrumental to our success here. Yeah, for me, the big thing is don't overcomplicate compliance. Compliance is meant to help and enable. But there's a lot of other mechanisms there that need to be taken into consideration. So as you build compliant clouds and you drive new workloads to the clouds, repeatability is critical. And going over the top and building something too rigid so they put a sticky note on the computer with their password, it doesn't help. It makes compliance worse. Not doing enough and purposefully not implementing controls and compensating controls and putting in place the monitoring you need is also not good. You need to actively and proactively manage your environment. And as we live in this global world, when you build these environments, you need to think about how they're going to be operationalized and used by people in your organization. And ensure that your organization is not negatively impacted by controls that prevent people from actually being able to do their jobs. Compliance should be something that people don't even notice. It's just something that we do as we walk down the street. I think for me, it's I think all of us here, it's something as simple as just starting with the customer and really understanding their compliance needs, going really deep into the relationship with the customers, to understand exactly what they need. Because it could be times where customers are experts, but they may not know what they're missing, what they need to do. So really understanding them and helping them along this compliance journey is really important. And even simple things such as great documentation and lots of acting as an advisor to help your customers understand this complex environment. I think, as you mentioned, being in the current geopolitical challenges we have in this world, it's really important to choose providers that have these good sovereign controls and can demonstrate that through a good audit trail. Awesome. You mentioned the sort of geopolitical situations and the world is obviously changing quickly. Part of our guiding principles for shared workloads in the broader sovereignty portfolio along the way has been around providing choice, adaptability, flexibility. And I think that seems more important now than ever. I'm interested in how are you all thinking about, as you're seeing some of the shifts, what does that mean to you in terms of how you're maybe approaching compliance? Is it validating some of the strategies you've had or are you having to take some new approaches given some of what we're seeing happen in the world? So if I should start, we started out into the cloud delivery with the expectation that it would be more globalized than ever. And that we could cross-connect and cross-deliver from very few locations to all around the globe. And as time grew by and as time went on, we were recognizing more and more that there is lots of demand from all the crises that we see happening in the world for more localization, for digital sovereignty and so forth, which drives exactly these requirements. Not only the regulatory frameworks, they are an evidence of the trends that's going on today. And they follow the needs which are resulting from the developments we see globally happening. And these days, especially, there's so much dynamics in the requirements and the boundary conditions that really, say, having a solid offering that you can use as a baseline is really essential for speed of action. And I think, just to maybe add to that, as we also look for customization in those features to be able to change even more, I think those are more important now than ever. As we see changes, for example, in the FedRAMP board happening. Are those requirements going to look the same at the end of the year as they do now? So we're really interested and excited about being able to provide that flexibility to add, remove cloud controls as things shift quickly. Yeah. When I look at it, I see holistically that we're going to take a baseline. Let's take FedRAMP moderate. You know, currently, across the world, there's a bunch of businesses that sell to governments or departments of defenses throughout the world. And I'm starting to see a replication and reuse of FedRAMP moderate baselines throughout the world in every authorization package I go to. Whether it's Australia, Japan, Germany, other, I see a repeat reuse. And it even impacts our biggest business customers. It's not just the government. And if we can apply these controls holistically with a flexible platform that enables us to grow and shrink based upon the size of the market, the size of the deployment that we need to do, as well as the local specifics around where data needs to be, we have to make sure as well that we can actually limit that data to that region or country long term so that we're protecting customers' data at all time. Yeah. For me, as Matthias has mentioned, we're seeing a huge shift in Pexip for more compliant solutions. I think not just the current situation in the world, but also generally it's more people specialize and move from sort of generic video conferencing platforms, specifically in our domain, to more very bespoke specific solutions. The needs and requirements become very tailored to their unique solution. And again, having the ability to scale that out reliably and repeatedly across the global service we have with tools like this is going to be really, really helpful for us. Sincere thanks to all of you for sharing really awesome perspectives and I hope the audience got to learn some more things here, right? Thanks for sharing the stage. Matt, do you want to wrap it up? Yeah, absolutely. So I also want to thank you all for sharing the stage and offering all these valuable perspectives. Maybe just to close and then we'll have a couple of minutes for Q&A. But we'll close on it before we talk about this. I think a number of the themes that just came up, I think, really reiterate the need for a solution like Assured Workloads today. The flexibility, being able to meet different requirements across different regions, across different geos, across changing regulations, is just a recurring theme that gets even stronger every year. Compliance Manager, the direction that we're headed. I think it's going to really help in terms of increasing that flexibility as we go forward and we're excited to partner with you all as we develop that roadmap. On that subject, in terms of a call to action, a few things here. So one is a Compliance Manager is currently a demo. You saw some of that today. You can go to the booth in the Security Hub as well to see it and get a little bit more deeper into some of the capabilities. We're also looking for design partnerships as well as folks who are interested in previews. So if that's the type of thing that would be interesting to you, please go ahead and snap a photo of this QR code. That will take you to a forum and you can register interest. And we can take your feedback into account as we continue to shape it. Also, to learn more about assured workloads, to learn more about sovereign cloud and sovereign controls, we've got public documentation on that. These QR codes will take you there as well. So with that, I want to just thank everybody for your time and attention. We're out of official time for Q&A, but we'll stick around here. If any of you have questions or want to chat more about anything that you heard here today.