 Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the session on how to elevate customer experiences with customer engagement suite. My name is Eva Dürer, and I lead product team for Google Cloud AI applications, and I will be joined today by an awesome set of speakers. Muly Salem, who leads the product team for conversational agents on our team, and Ashley Daniels, who is a VP of product management for Omnichannel and People Technology at Best Buy, and most importantly, an inspiring leader for many of the companies that want to build differentiated and exceptional customer experiences. So what are we going to tackle today? So we'll start with a brief recap. Why is now customer experience such an important topic and why AI is making an impact in that area? Then we'll talk about how we live in Google Cloud are trying to address that opportunity for your customers. And then we are going to invite Ashley on stage to show how we have partnered together over the past years to make that impact at Best Buy. And I'm going to close with a few remarks on enterprise readiness and give you a few tips and tricks how to learn more if you like that session. So why is customer experience so important those days? There are two things that are happening at the same time. On the one hand, customer expectations are raising dramatically. Customers want now seamless, personalized, proactive interactions at every touchpoint. And on the other hand, AI has proven to make an impact for the business in production and at scale. And in fact, just to quote a few research areas, McKinsey, a consultancy, found out that companies that excel at customer service can increase their revenues by 4% to 8% above their peers. So huge market opportunity on the revenue side. But at the same time, on the flip side, on the negative side, the stakes are really high as well. PwC, another consultancy, found out that 32% of customers would quit doing a business with you after only one bad customer experience. So the risks are high. One third of your customers can quit doing the business with you. So what are we hearing from our customers? We hear the aspirations. The aspirations of providing personalized, proactive customer interactions at every touchpoint. They want to increase the opportunities for upsell, crosssell, and thus revenue potential. And last but not least, they want to do it in a compliant way. You are here from the whole world. Regulations are different. Compliance standards are different. And data governance are different. And policies in your companies are different. So we want to respond to those aspirations. And companies, indeed, have struggled to deliver on those what would seem to be basic things that we haven't been hearing for a while. And why? Because we struggle with legacy technologies, with data silos, and honestly with overwhelmed staff and our employees that try to deliver on that exceptional customer experience. So that's where we want to help you with customer engagement suite with Google AI. So our vision is to provide proactive, personalized, human-like customer experiences. So let's break that down into pieces. Personalized or hyper-personalized, as we started calling that within Google. And why is that important? Well, it is important. Because if you think about it, if you feel known and understood, you build brand royalty. You increase customer engagement. You want to come back if you feel understood. The second aspect is proactive. And why is proactive so important? Well, because it gives you an opportunity to turn the moment of potential disappointment or aggravation to a moment of delight. You anticipate. You surprise the customer with a positive interaction. And last but not least, why human-like? Because we humans, we blur all the modalities. Text, video, audio. We have gestures, tones, and so on and so forth. So we want you to, we want to empower you to provide a so-called concierge or a butler that will understand your users, be proactive, anticipate their needs, and reach out with the right issue at the right moment. So let's go deeper into our technology and how we are doing that. So customer engagement suite is not a point application. It's an end-to-end suite of applications that provides an overview of the overall customer journey. Starting with conversational agents that provide you with a platform and your users to solve, serve 24 hours, 7 days, anytime. With Agent Assist, we provide your customer service representatives with AI-powered coaching and training. And eventually, with conversational insights and quality AI, we further increase the performance of your customer service representatives with matching with quality AI of the right representative to the right issue and opportunity. And indeed, we have shown to make impact across the board with AI in that particular area. But one important thing to note here is that we don't think about customer engagement suite or customer experience overall for our customers as only cost-saving business space any longer. We stop thinking about customer service as a cost reduction. We think about it as also a revenue enhancement of opportunity. Think about customer loyalty, brand loyalty, customer lifetime value. So these are the metrics that we increasingly are monitoring within customer engagement suite. But Ashley will talk about it a lot more in a later part of this presentation. And now I will hand it over to Muli to walk you through each of the capabilities within customer engagement suite. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Thanks, Eva. Hi, everyone. My name is Muli. I lead the product management team for agents within the customer engagement suite. So Eva shared how we're leveraging AI to help different personas in your company, your supervisors, your human agents, as well as your customers. Now I want to explore how your business can start getting value from the suite today. Now the easiest way to get started is with conversational insights and agent assist. Both of these are internal facing products. And so you can help build up confidence in deploying gen anti-production, which could be new for you, as a first step. And then you can transition over to conversational agents for full automation and consider replacing your overall CCAS if you want to change your call center operation and 10. I'll go a little bit deeper now into each of these services. Conversational insights is an AI powered application that analyzes all conversations between your customers and your agents across voice, across chat, and both your human agents and your AI agents. It then takes this massive amount of data and converts it into actionable insights. So the companies can continuously improve their customer experience. A key component is quality AI, which we launched in Q4 last year, and our customers are really enjoying. Quality AI allows you to create custom scorecards to ask very specific questions that you want to find out about. You can ask things as specific as whether your agents are asking for permission before putting someone on hold, or ask if they say thank you when someone comes back from a long hold, we're kind of apologizing for that. But it doesn't only focus on your agent performance. You can use the same tool, quality AI, to also ask more complex and more sophisticated business questions. You can ask things like, how is my latest marketing campaign resonating with my customers? Or what feedback do my customers have about my latest product launch? Another launch we had recently is LLM sentiment analysis. Now the difference here is that the approach here is that we take the overall conversation, and based on that, we define second-by-second sentiment with Gemini. This shows much stronger results than the previous approach of looking at only segments within the conversation. What's also really powerful here is that it goes beyond the sentiment. It actually explains the why, the rationale for why the CSAT or the sentiment at the moment went up or down, which again allows you to zoom into those specific problems and tackle them directly, or amplify the things that are driving up sentiment during conversations. Now, quick poll, how many of you have actually worked as a call center agent before? All right, a few. And then how many of you have visited a call center or shadowed someone doing their job as a call center? Okay, quite a few. I was expecting that. Great. So you all know this job is a very hard job. And you often need to deal with angry customers that don't really have the patience for you to click around a bunch of different systems or ask your supervisor. They want to get their problem solved, and they want it solved fast. And in that critical moment when they need you, it's critical that you get it right. And one negative experience, as Eva was saying, can really dramatically negatively impact your brand. And so that's exactly where Agent Assist comes in. Agent Assist has a set of always-on agents that boosts the productivity and the performance of your human agents. We have a set of really strong launches that we introduced recently. The first is AI Coach. AI Coach gives you step-by-step instructions for how to handle a conversation in real-time. What to say and what to do. That's what's shown on the screen right now. AI Trainer helps you accelerate onboarding for new hires and also upskill all of your agents with tailored simulations, both in chat and voice, to help them improve the skills that they have the most gaps in. And live translation allows your agents to converse with customers in different languages, both in chat and voice. And just imagine the cost savings, the operation savings, the process savings. If you didn't have to worry about multi-language agents and you could just have one set of people that can deliver service to all of your customers. And then finally, summarization helps you summarize the call at the end of it. And it has two really big benefits. One is, or actually three benefits. One is the quality of the summary has been shown to be better than human agent summaries. The second is, of course, reducing the handling time of the call. And the third is that it allows the agents to focus on solving the customer issue during the call rather than having to skip back and forth between writing notes and solving the problem. So really powerful feature. Verizon deployed Agent Assist into production and they saw four minutes reduction in average handling time, which is an insane number. And another customer shared a story where they deployed Agent Assist to their tier one agents and then they actually saw a dramatic drop in tier two support cases. And when they dug in deeper, they realized that essentially what happened is their agents upskilled. Thanks to Agent Assist, they were able to tackle more complex problems and prevent handling over to tier two agents. Okay, so now that you've deployed the first two services, you have insights and you can see what the highest volume cases are that are driving all the traffic of customers coming back and asking questions again and again. And so that's where you can focus your first automation with conversational agents. So that's the next step that customers normally take in their journey. And I'm excited to announce that we launched our new conversational agents console into GA. This is a one-stop shop where you can build agents all the way from demo to production and beyond that for monitoring and continuous improvement. And what's really powerful about it is that it combines generative agents with rule-based approach and you can mix and match these approaches seamlessly. With using that method, you can tackle essentially any use case that comes at your way. And of course, really important, it's a no-code console, so you don't need a very technical savvy staff to create these agents and deploy them. So a few recent launches I wanted to call out. First of all, and we saw this on the keynote as well, we now have state-of-the-art voice experiences, which means low latency, human-like voices that really sound like a companion that you can chat with. We also have integrated something called the live API, the Gemini live API, which does bi-directional streaming, which again gets you to the sub one second latency, which creates this seamless experience. Outside of voice, we've launched hundreds of connectors that connect you to third-party systems like ServiceNow, Salesforce, SharePoint. And what this allows your agents to do is to tap into that data to answer questions and ground their answers in your data. But it also allows the agents to transact and take actions on your systems, which again, completely increases the containment rate relative to what was possible before. Now, I'm excited to quickly show you a video showing these agents in action. All right. Hi, Luli. Welcome back to Symbol TV. I noticed you've been having some trouble with multi-device viewing lately. Is everything all right? Hi. Yeah, I'm trying to watch my show, but I keep getting this error message about too many devices. Can you help? I understand seeing an error like this can be frustrating. To help sort this out, are you currently trying to connect from your home Wi-Fi network? No, I'm actually traveling at the moment. Okay. Since you're on the standard plan and not on your home Wi-Fi, the number of devices is limited. Here are the devices currently using external streams. Would you like me to disconnect any of these devices to make room for your current one? Okay. I'll choose the Pixel tablet. I have disconnected Pixel tablet. Please try connecting your current device again. Did that resolve the issue for you? Yes, it works now. Thanks. I'm happy to hear it's working again. Before you go, since you've been enjoying our drama shows, I wanted to mention our new highly acclaimed show, Silent Shores. Would you like to learn more about the show? Yeah, tell me more. Silent Shores is a show about a few coastal residents finding connection and resilience in their lives, intertwined with the subtle beauty and unspoken forces of the sea. You'll need to upgrade from standard plan to premium plan to watch the show. And, by the way, it also includes unlimited devices anywhere. Are you interested in upgrading? I'm interested, but I saw that your competitor, Streamers, offers their best package for $10 a month. Your price is too high. I understand you're looking for a change to the normal price. I need to check this with my supervisor. Please hold on for a minute or two while I do this. I'll be right with you. Okay, so now the AI agent is pinging their supervisor to get approval for a discount. So the supervisor will go ahead and say approve $9.99 for the first three months. Great news! My supervisor has approved a discount of $9.99 for the first three months for your account. Would you like to proceed at the discounted rate? Yeah, let's do it. Fantastic! I've added the premium plan to your subscription. You now have access to our full catalog with unlimited devices and 4K viewing. You'll receive a confirmation email in just a moment with all the details. I hope you enjoy the show. Pretty cool, right? So what the video showed is, first of all, the latest HD voices that I talked about and the low latency. We also saw how agents are able to call tools, navigate the website, and the interaction between the chat, the module, and the website, which we already have customers doing in production. And they're really having good results from that. The other thing we saw is how the agent is able to proactively talk about what the customer issue is likely to be. If you're trying to connect to your device and you had an issue, then the agent should know you have a problem. If you're using your credit card and your credit card was blocked, then your bank should know that that's probably what you want to reach out to them for. We also saw how we're doing upsell. And what we're really excited about is also something that you saw in the keynote, which is the collaboration between the human agents and the AI agents. And it's a new way of collaboration. Essentially, instead of doing a full handoff from AI agent to human, we now start having this idea of requesting help from the human agent without handing over the call. And so you can imagine how your human agents will now be able to scale and monitor dozens of AI agents at the same time and only interject in moments that there's either a drop in sentiment or a specific approval that's required to intervene with. So over to CCAS, our CCAS layer is a great option if you're looking to replace your end-to-end call center operation. Maybe you have an on-prem solution that's a bit outdated or maybe you're looking to have an AI-integrated solution from the ground up. And it comes with everything you need to run a call center or a contact center. Of course, it supports Omnichannel across voice, chat, social, email, you name it. And as I said, it comes integrated with the AI services. It also has native workforce management and quality management. And importantly, it's integrated with all the CRMs that you could think of or the major CRMs. And so you don't have to change the workflow of your agents to adopt it. YouTube deployed our CCAS solution into production and they actually saw an 80% increase in sign-up rates, which is incredible through the call center. And what that shows is that we're really getting to the point of turning the cost center to a revenue center in meaningful ways with these stats. So really what we're focused on is delivering tangible business value for your business. With customer engagement suite, you can make better business decisions with insights. You can increase employee productivity, drive up automation, and most importantly, drive up customer satisfaction and revenue. Now I'm excited to hand it over to Ashley Daniels, who will take us through the amazing transformation her and her team did at Best Buy. Thank you. All right. So before I jump into the slides, I want to share with you, I spoke last year and I got the coveted 8 a.m. Thursday morning slot. So you can imagine just kind of the energy level of the audience. So I think today is already going better than that. I'm really excited. So as a good product leader, you're constantly thinking about how do you add the most value in the least amount of time. So I have 20 minutes to hang out with you all today. So we've already got the least amount of time. But as I started thinking about what would be really valuable for you, I thought the ability to understand the vision and where we're trying to go. I do want to share some of the amazing outcomes that we've seen. I'm incredibly proud of that. But I also thought what would be really important would be to share some of the lessons we've learned along the way. So I think of it kind of like building a house or doing a remodel. How many people have done a remodel of their home? How many people thought it was like the best thing ever and super fun and there were no issues? Okay, we've got zero hands. So that's beautiful. Oh, we got one. We got one lucky person. I love it. And so as you think about that, there are things that if you knew up front would make that process a lot smoother. So I'm going to share some of those with you all today as we go. So one of the insights is the new tech, as you guys have seen, has made things that we previously thought were impossible, possible. That being said, what you just saw was kind of a fully remodeled house in the magazine. And that doesn't just happen. And so we all actually have to change as leaders to bring that to life. So I'll share some of those pieces as we go. So first, I will share our vision. What did we start with about, it was about almost 18 months ago that we started on this journey. And I'll tell you, as we shared this vision, it seemed impossible. It was so far from where we were. And now that we're on the journey, people can start to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Imagine a world where 50 million customer contacts per year are no longer needed. And when they are, they're completely seamless. And instead of 18 separate groups of contact center agents, customers reach agents universally equipped to focus on empathy, guided by simple, intelligent tech. Let's explore that experience. And then, Abby accepts. On the big day, she sees her delivery window tightened in real time on her phone's home screen. So we reach out once it's installed. Abby reaches back via text to ask for help switching to PebbleEyes. Blue replies with the link to a helpful visual guide in the Best Buy app. And also lets her know that because she's a Best Buy total member, she has 24-7 access to our virtual Geek Squad assistant. Geek Squad assistant. While running out the door, she realizes her freezer basket is missing, so she decides to call from the car. She asked to speak with a human so she can ask whether she really needs it. As Blue transfers Abby, the agent automatically receives a summary of their conversation and contextual information they'll need to quickly help her. This is the future of support at Best Buy. So pretty cool, huh? Feels different than most of the contact center experiences that you get, where a lot of times you've got kind of this very robotic feel and very limited contextual information. What I'll say is over the course of the last 12 months we've made a ton of progress in getting to this space. In order to do so though, we've gotten some bumps and bruises and we've learned a lot. So three things I want to talk about today are thinking differently, removing constraints, and not losing focus on the fundamentals. So the first thing is thinking differently. So if we think about the remodeling your house analogy, if you remodel your house and it's just like I looked at a picture in a magazine and I just I like that and that's why I want to do it, you're not really super clear about the objective and what you're trying to achieve. So for us starting at the very beginning and getting clear on what are we trying to achieve, it's not about a video and like making it like the video, it's about the customer, it's about the employee, and it's about the financials. And the best work that we do will actually impact all three of those. And as you get the team aligned around those outcomes that you're trying to drive, then the ability to think about the work differently is really important. So since the beginning of time, and I know a lot of companies are still organized this way, we had a team from a technology perspective that was the call center team. Over time, as chat was introduced and it became a bigger component of the customer experience, it became kind of taboo to call it the call center team. And we started to call it the contact center team. And it was like we're super advanced because we're calling it contact center, not call center. What we really had to do through this work though, was realize that when we silo the customer's experience, you're really limiting the outcome that you can drive. So if you think of those outcomes that we're trying to drive around the customer, the employee, and the financials, you've got to bring other components in. So one of the big shifts in mindset that we've had over the course of the last year was this idea that when you think about the IVR as an example, we've historically thought of the IVR as being about routing. It's about getting customers to the right agent. And if you look at a lot of the metrics that have been used in the IVR, it's all about that. It's about reducing transfer rate, et cetera. We started to think about that differently. And we said, what have we thought about the chat bot and the IVR as self-service entry points? Like what would need to be true if we thought of those as another self-service entry point? So you've got your account, you've got all the different places on the website, you've got the app that you can enter self-service experiences. What if these become just another launching point for that? Well, that brought us to think about the space differently. Now it's no longer the contact center space. Now it's about the customer's broader care experience. And we actually organized the teams in that way and we gave them shared outcomes. So when you've got shared outcomes across the teams doing the work, it allows them to actually come up with shared solutions and roadmaps that are aligned rather than competing priorities across the groups. So this was really important for us as we continued to go. The other piece that I'll talk about is kind of stakeholder alignment. This takes time, right? Remodeling the house takes time, but the business changes incredibly rapidly. And so we've had moments where we've gotten out of sync, where the business has changed in such a way and we were not explicit with the teams about how that evolves our expectations for the experience or the outcomes we're trying to drive. And so doing those continuous regrounds from a stakeholder perspective and understanding how those outcomes are evolving has been really important for us as we've done. All right. So the second is about removing constraints. So you can think of this as when you're remodeling your house and you get clear on the outcomes, like I want to be able to host, I want to have a kitchen that allows me to cook chef quality meals, whatever those outcomes are. You actually have to open your mind that like it would be okay if we took down a wall. We might have to remove this wall to make space for the six burner stove that I want, right? And if you don't, the outcome that you get is not going to feel all that different. It's going to be a different wallpaper or a different tile, but it's not actually going to change your experience. It's not going to change the customer experience either. And so we had to start to think about removing constraints. So this kind of goes to the five whys. A lot of people have been part of probably projects or programs where the answer is, well, because like that's how we've always done it. Right? So when we started this work, we had almost 25 groups of contact center agents. 25 groups of contact center agents. So even if you think about from a routing perspective, the odds that I'm going to get you to the one group out of the 25 that can actually help you pretty low, right? It's not great. Impacts your transfer rate, impacts the employee experience. Because what do you think it's like to answer calls all day and be like, ooh, I got to get you to somebody else. Right? And then from a financial perspective, I mean, that is incredibly expensive to be transferring calls all over the place. But it was when you started to ask why it was like, well, because it's really hard. Like these jobs are really hard and we can't expect every agent to know everything all the time. And so as we continued to dig a little bit further, we were able to remove some of those constraints and say, well, what if they had real time gen AI knowledge management at their fingertips all the time when they were on the call? What if we made it so that they didn't have to case their calls? This idea of the agent constantly typing while they're talking to the customer adds additional mental load to them and makes it harder for them to actually be able to do multiple tasks. And so as we've stripped these away, we've gotten to a place that we have much fewer groups and we continue to evolve the layout of how that work is done. And our transfer rate has gone down significantly as well. And so as you light up those agent experiences, you start to remove these constraints that have always been there. Another one that I want to talk about, and this one's kind of fun, is as we talked about, one particular intent, one reason for calling is membership cancellation. In our legacy capability, if a customer said they wanted to cancel their membership, we sent them directly through to an agent. Our containment, our ability to keep them in the IVR was 9%. 9%, not great. It means 91% of the time you're sending them through to an agent, right? When we asked why, like, why do we send those to an agent? Well, we want the agent to have a chance to save the customer. We want them to remind them about the benefits and to be able to talk to them and have them decide not to cancel. What we saw is that containment rate or that retention rate was incredibly low with our agents because the execution rate was low. So anybody who has worked in retail knows that your offer rate is highly, highly correlated to your success rate, right? You don't close mouth, don't get that, right? And so what we did was we actually said, we can make sure that we have 100% offer rate from a saves perspective. And the team built this really eloquent experience that when you say you want to cancel, the IVR actually knows about you. It has contextual information and it says, Ashley, are you sure you want to cancel? I see that you've saved $3,200 this year with your membership. That's probably a true number, you guys. I spend a lot of money at Best Buy. And then it says, and if you cancel, you're actually going to lose coverage on 92 devices in your house. Are you sure that you want to cancel? So as you think about it, we've now provided a personalized experience, but an incredibly consistent experience. Because 100% of the time, that customer is being given that information so that they can make a better decision. And what we saw is like overnight, we went from a 9% containment rate. And if they do want to cancel, by the way, the IVR says, great, I'll take care of that for you. And the customer says, yes, and we cancel. And so what we saw is we went from 9% to almost 50% containment overnight. And that experience isn't done, by the way. We know that there's work that we can do to tweak the language, to make it a little bit more clear that we can handle it in myVR, etc. But to see yourself go up by 5x in terms of your ability to solve for the customer in the channel they chose without a transfer is incredibly powerful. But we could not have done it without removing constraints. And then the final thing that I think is incredibly important is focusing on the fundamentals. So when you think about remodeling your house, but you have a terrible foundation, and it is falling apart, and you go in and you put in a nice oven, by the way, they weigh like 600 pounds. Did you know that? 600 pounds. So that does not help the foundation. But you put in a nice oven, and you put in some new wallpaper, but your windows are still leaking, and you've got cracks developing in your wall because the house is starting to fall down. I'm guessing you're not going to be incredibly happy with the investment that you made in your remodel. And so it is really easy to think that Gen.ai is going to solve everything. Because you saw the picture in the magazine, right? You saw the demo. It feels great. But actually, there are many things that remain super important. And I cannot push hard enough on the point that if you lose your focus on those, you won't get the outcome that you want to achieve. So I'll give you a couple examples of this. When we went live with IVR the first time, and I'm like sharing all of our dirt here. But when we went live, we called in production, and there was an eight-second delay before we even said hello to you. Do you guys know how long eight seconds is? It's painful. And what we realized is we were using a legacy API, and we were looking up the customer before we even said hello to them. And so we really needed to go back to the fundamentals and say, how might we do this? How do we optimize that call so that the call is faster? And how do we redesign the experience so that you're saying hi in parallel to looking up the customer, right? These are things that you learn. We also found things like our legacy IVR had APIs that had been retired that it was calling, right? And because IVRs aren't sexy. People do this great, sexy work, and they build these digital experiences. And sometimes we forget about the kind of bloodline of the contact center. And so there were scenarios in which there was an assumption that we could just pull over an old API, but that API didn't actually even exist anymore. And so you start to think about some of those things that are truly foundational. The last thing I want to touch on is domain expertise and the foundational data. So your agent, your virtual agent, will only be as good as the trainer that you give them. And so think of them like an employee, like maybe a 17-year-old employee coming in. Maybe it's their first job. And you're not going to put them with somebody that's like, yeah, I don't really know a whole lot about that thing. But like, this is what I heard once, right? And so you start to think about your policies. You start to think about your documentation, all of those pieces that you've maybe let get a little dusty. If you don't clean those up, your agent is going to learn the wrong behaviors and is going to cause a lot of pain. And so really thinking about those pieces, domain expertise in this process remains incredibly important. So I want to call that out. And I know I've kind of aired some of our dirty laundry in doing so, but I think it's important to call out that in order to achieve the outcomes, some of these things need to be in place. So now let's talk about the fun part, some of the outcomes that we've achieved. So I said it in the beginning, I'll say it again, I'm incredibly proud of the work that this team has done. It has been a journey to get here, but we have seen an actual transformation in our contact centers, an actual transformation in our own ways of working and our own ways of thinking. And that's going to continue to pay dividends as we continue down the work. So some of the things that we've done from an employee perspective, we followed largely the path that he was talking about. We started with agents. That was what was available to us. That was the easiest thing to start with, the lowest risk. We've got summarization in real time for the agents. We've got transcription. We've got the insights available, all of those pieces. That has not only significantly improved the contact center agents experience. It has also given us an ability to staff differently. So imagine a world where you're not hiring the contact center agent that is the best at multitasking and can take notes the fastest, but you're actually hiring so that you've got the person with the most empathy. You have the person who understands the customer's emotion and can react in a way that makes sense with the customer. That's a completely different experience and it's something that we don't talk enough about. So Gen AI is not about replacing people's jobs. Gen AI is about allowing people to do elevated work and to be able to light up different skill sets and support of the customer experience. In addition to decreasing that average handle time by 60 seconds, we have also grown our self-service usage by over 50 percent. So the metric that we look at is assisted versus unassisted for all types of modifications. So if you think about that, growing that by over 50 percent means that we've had to make enhancements to those experiences as we've gone, but we've also figured out how do we actually drive customers into them because what we know is the vast majority of customers would prefer to self-serve if we could make it accessible for them. We've saved millions as a result of return reductions, reduced contact volume, sourcing flexibility. All of those pieces have come together in a very meaningful way from a financial perspective. We've reduced our transfer and our repeat call rates, and those continue to go down. I think I will tell you last month in our steering committee was the first time that we had seen all of our metrics moving in the right direction. So along the way you'll probably find some trade-offs where it's like we increased containment, but we also saw that the percent of customers who were asking for an agent went up. So right away they're just saying agent, agent, agent. And then as you use that data, you start to learn where you need to lean in. But we've seen significantly reduced transfer and repeat call rates. And then finally, not in all of our intents, but some of our key intents, I just gave you an example where we actually were able to increase by 500% our containment, right? Some of our key intents, we've been able to see like 150% containment. And so the cool thing that I love about contact centers is that there's a tremendous amount of data that you can use as you're making these decisions, and you know whether it worked immediately. My team will tell you, I don't know where they are in the room, but when we have a deployment, like two hours later, I'm chatting them and asking for data. Because within two hours of a deployment, you can understand if it did what you wanted it to do or not. For somebody with a retail background, where when you deploy something to retail, like it's like six weeks, and then you get like, you know, a few people from retail that tell you if they like it or not, it's incredibly powerful to have that data at your fingertips. So really great results. It has been, there's been work to get there, and we've had a lot of learnings. And I suspect with everything that we saw today, we're going to continue to have some of those learnings. So just to kind of re-land those three buckets that we talked about today, in terms of how we had to show up differently as leaders to bring this to life. Thinking differently, leading with that experience, structuring the work differently to align to the outcomes, shared outcomes across groups are incredibly powerful, removing constraints. In the room, always asking, but like, what if that wasn't true? What would need to be true for us to push on that bound? And then the last one is not losing that focus on the fundamentals. That's incredibly important, too. So I'm going to hand it back to Eva and she'll get us closed out. Thank you, Ashley. This is really exciting. And I am so honored to have partnered with Best Buy in one of the best. Actually, we have learned so much from her, how to build a better product, how to build a better technology, and as well, how to make things enterprise ready. Because the bar for enterprises is really, really high. And we understand that with the era where we are going towards AI first strategy, this becomes an even more important topic. So what are we hearing from our customers? And you come across the globe with different standards, compliance, data security, your companies are having different policies and governance structures, and so on and so forth. So we hear and we hear that and we provide you with the right enterprise readiness background. So one thing that we are really committed is data privacy. Your data is your data. And we are actually the first provider to publish the policy standards and commitment to you being in charge and controlling how the data is used for AI ML purposes. We also build on our Vertex AI platform that is equipped with a lot of tools for responsible AI compliance and so on and so forth. And we embed those into the customer engagement suite as well. Things like content moderation, bias mitigation, recitation checks, all of that is as well floating into our technology and suite of applications that we build. So responsible AI is the successful AI. And if you want to learn more, we have a ton of sessions for you as well in the upcoming days on customer engagement suite. So if you still have time, today we have yet another retail session where we will have, you will have an opportunity to learn more. We have an agent assist and quality AI sessions as well today. I strongly as well encourage you to join the conversational agent session if you were excited about the demo that Molly was showing on Fridays. The one is focused on more on features and the other one is focused more on the implementation path with a partner like Quantify. And last but not least, if you want to get your hands dirty with some demoing, there is a demo booth just dedicated to us. So you will have a lot of trial and getting your hands dirty with those demos. So I strongly encourage you to go there to try that out. And on that note, I wanted to say thank you very much for your time. And we look forward to partnering with many of you. Thank you.