 Hello, my name is Arun Dev. I lead digital interconnection at Equinix. In our talk, Decoding Multicloud Networking, Ram Mutaswamy from Uber and I discuss the common challenges that come with multicloud networking. We share proven strategies to help enterprises along this journey. We know that 90% of enterprises today are using multiple public clouds. Now, what are the challenges that come with using multiple public clouds? One, there are no clear standards between the clouds. What works one way on Google Cloud works a little different on AWS. Two, there's lack of visibility between the public clouds. For enterprises like Uber that use multiple clouds, the lack of visibility is a large challenge. Three, performance and latency can vary widely. So you're asking yourself, how can Equinix help? Well, let me share how Equinix can help you in this journey. Equinix is located at the intersection of the cloud networks, private networks, and the internet. Our global reach of 260-plus data centers in 35 countries across 70-plus metro markets, where 3,000 cloud and IT providers reside, along with 2,000 network service providers, allows us to offer low-latency cloud-to-cloud routing. The ability for customers to use capabilities from Equinix, like Fabric Cloud Router or Equinix Network Edge, allows them to simplify their multi-cloud journey. In addition, we also have industry-leading vendors that offer their VNFs on the Equinix platform. These include the likes of Cisco, Palo Alto, Checkpoint, Aviatrix, F5, and more. In the case of Uber, their business challenge was to move a large volume of data from a public cloud to Google Cloud. The existing strategies that Uber had used previously would not work in this case, either due to performance and latency issues on the public internet, or the fear of saturating their existing network infrastructure. Ram and team used Equinix Fabric Cloud Router. They were able to stand up the service in less than a day and were passing traffic from a public cloud to GCP. When completed, they were able to turn down the service. The on-demand nature, the low latency, the secure performance connectivity, allowed Ram and Uber to meet their business objectives. If you want to hear stories like Uber or hundreds of other customers we have helped along their multi-cloud journey, please visit www.equinix.com. You can sign up for a free Fabric Cloud Router or Network Edge to get started on your multi-cloud journey. Thank you. ¡ Stay tuned! Show this l Queen folks a button on the right見て our adams you'll see our future videos and your future ends and we'll see soon on our next videos and if the Queen of the Facebook did feature estate magnanimous and our altogether our last lifetime we've got the unique Hola Soup &<|et|> and I read