 We have an awesome session starting today talking about customer engagement suite. My name is Lisa O'Malley. I lead the product team for our applied AI organization at Google Cloud. Today, we're going to talk about how customer, both consumer and enterprise experiences or expectations, I'm sorry, are evolving today as generative AI is taking over the world. We're going to share a little bit about how we're reimagining customer experiences across a wide swath of applications. And then we're going to have some fun. We're going to invite Walmart and Accenture to the stage to talk a little bit about how they're working with the customer engagement suite. Let's get started. So before we dive into customer engagement suite and the customer experiences, let's take a moment to pause and think, where are we in this moment today? You know, there was a lot of early hype and these models that could do absolutely anything. And then things were moving at a hugely rapid pace. Sophisticated understanding was coming, generation of text, images, audio, and video. And now we're in the agentic era. I'm really sick of the word agentic, but it comes up everywhere. Where, you know, reasoning and planning becomes part of the abilities. Creating these multi-step tasks. Able to execute actions on behalf of users. Optimize in pursuit of users' goals. And so where is AI now in enterprises? It's gone from a lot of experiments, a lot of proof of concepts, right into real-world applications, driving business results. We see many of our customers live in production. We see the impact that they're having in their businesses. It's embedded into workflows. It's driving real change. We've gone from simple chatbots to increasingly sophisticated autonomous agents. So where are we going in the future? I think what's even more impressive is how sophisticated these agents are getting on a daily basis. We're seeing, you know, hyper-personalization. We're seeing, you know, specific agents for specific industries. Human and AI collaboration. Treating each other as teammates or workmates. And there's continued emphasis on responsible AI, on ethics, trust, and transparency. We see a future where AI agents are not just reactive and reacting to things happening to them, but they're proactive and prescient. In the customer experience area, we're seeing consumer expectations change dramatically. Over the last two years, it's been really, really incredible to watch. What we thought was creepy two years ago is now actually expected. In that context, our customers, you, the enterprises, you want to exceed your customers' expectations. You want to deliver personalized, proactive experiences across all the touch points. You want your customers, no matter what channel they come in on, no matter what modality, to leave feeling like they've had a really positive experience. Because you want them to come back. You want lifetime value. You want brand loyalty. And you want to be able to do this in a way that is safe and secure. Even though that sounds relatively straightforward, maybe motherhood and apple pie, it's actually not that easy because many organizations are mired in complex legacy technology, siloed data, and completely overburdened set of staff. How do we reimagine it? How do we reimagine it? How do we reimagine it? So, as customers, all of us, we're consumers. We interact with brands every single day. And we do it across multiple ways. We're in websites. We're on mobile apps. We're in stores. We're in drive-thrus. We're even in our car. There's so many touch points, so many opportunities to create compelling customer experiences. At Google, we think about our products as AI first. It's not an afterthought. It's not something that we bolted on afterwards. It is at the core of every single piece of our customer engagement suite. We, luckily, have access to some of the finest minds in the industry. We get to work with research, with Google DeepMind, and all of the Gemini models, Imagine models, VO models, all the models that are available to Google are available to us to make available to you. But we abstract that complexity from you, and we choose the right models for the purposes that you need within your organization to serve your customers. Our applications infuse AI every step of a customer journey, whether it's landing on a website and searching for products with text or with images, calling someone, speaking to a virtual agent, self-serving. Oh, that problem becomes a little too complex. Or we see an opportunity for upsell and cross-sell. Let's hand it over to a human agent and make that seamless and make the human agent know what's happened before. They have all the context. And then take actions, either on behalf of the user or the agent. And we can deliver this across all modalities. Frequently, customers' initial interactions with AI is while searching for products and services on a company's e-commerce website or app. Vertex AI Search helps them find information and products more quickly and easily. And we deliver a Google-quality search in your enterprise's environment. Vertex AI Search also leverages extensive data sets and knowledge graphs, including years of user queries and click-throughs so that we can deliver highly personalized content to your customers. And enterprises can also customize their search based on business rules and optimization using serving and user controls, delivering better quality results, which ultimately results in better conversion for you. Our experience shows that effective search functions performs well across metrics, demonstrated by hundreds of A-B tests. We've seen significant positive impact. And overall, these metrics deliver a consistent return on investment that's 15x. Really, really, really impressive. Customers like Albertsons and Nordstrom are using our search, and they've seen really impressive results. So, moving to the customer engagement suite, where we enable you to interact with your customers across a whole range of products. We think about three key stakeholders. We have your customers, the consumers, the end users. We have your customers, the end users. We have your customers, the end users. We have your customer service representatives, advocates, assistants, whatever you all call them. And then the box for a contact center supervisor really refers to anybody from a contact center supervisor all the way up to the CEO who wants to understand how the contact center is performing, what information is coming from customers, what's spiking, what new queries are coming in, and have the whole system react to that. The products listed on the bottom here are conversational agents, enable your customers to self-serve. And often, we really don't want to talk to a human. We just want to get the job done ourselves. But then sometimes we need to talk to a human, and so we have tools like Agent Assist that deliver proactive information to your agents. Because that's a stressful job, taking hundreds of calls a day and having to search across eight different screens and find that information. There's high turnover for a reason, and we want to make their job as quick and easy as possible. We also want to be able to help them get trained up. We want every agent, your newest agent, to be as good as your best agent. And then we deliver insights at scale, starting from your initial contact center data, what you have today. Let us use insights to understand it with topic modeling so that we understand where are the most pressing needs. Where should you deliver conversational agents? Where should you start providing Agent Assist tools? And so it gets your contact center up and running, and then it continuously feeds that data back in, so the contact center becomes almost self-improving. And all of this is underpinned by our CCAS product. Now, obviously, our AI services will work across a range of telephony options, depending on what you have. But for those who want a CCAS layer, we have an awesome product for you. Let's turn a moment to the business impact. You see a lot of the traditional contact center metrics here. Abandonment rate, average handle time. And yes, we all care about those. Cost containment is really, really important. But what we're hearing much more from our customers is the desire to grow revenue, the desire to grow customer lifetime value, brand loyalty, having our customers have a really excellent experience. And so we wanted to change the conversation from just cost containment to revenue growth and top-line opportunity. In today's fast-paced digital world, customers expect seamless, proactive, personalized interactions across every touchpoint. That's where Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI comes in. AI-powered conversational agents built on Google's powerful large language models with human-like voices effortlessly guide users through personalized journeys. Julia is looking for a new pair of running shoes and is greeted by the AI-powered conversational agent. Welcome back, Julia. You have $25 in award points. What are you interested in today? I'm looking for a new pair of running shoes. I bought an expensive pair on your website with the best reviews, but they just seem so heavy. I'm sorry the last ones didn't work out. To help you find the perfect pair of shoes, could you tell me a little bit about your running style? Julia is open to styling suggestions and has questions about different products. With Google's generative AI, the agent provides a personalized and engaging experience. Integrating product catalogs and CRMs, the agent checks availability for the desired size and color and validates the shipping address in the user profile. Please confirm if you'd like to proceed. Let's do it. I am excited to get them. Excellent. Your order has been placed and you'll receive a confirmation email shortly with tracking information. Thanks for choosing Symbol Apparel. Conversational agents support integrations with hundreds of different data and action connectors, including major payment services, to provide a simple and streamlined checkout experience. When Julia has a more complex issue, she's seamlessly transferred to a human agent with all the context of her previous conversation. While Catherine, the assigned agent, discusses the issue with Julia, Google's Agent Assist analyzes the conversation and, with the help of AI Coach, surfaces the most relevant next action recommendation and content recommendations. Agent Assist even provides live translation. In this case, English to Spanish. So a Spanish speaking agent can shadow the conversation and learn how to engage with Spanish speaking customers. Want to improve customer satisfaction across all your engagements? Quality AI analyzes 100% of your conversations to understand every customer engagement and reveal actionable insights. You can quickly see key information, including volume, average quality score, average CSAT, and average handling time. Then, identify top performers and areas for improvement to rapidly discern why customers are reaching out. Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI provides you Google's most advanced conversational AI. It's an end-to-end customer application that drives self-service, boosts human agent productivity, unlocks operational insights, and, of course, makes customers happy. Turn every moment of customer connection into brand loyalty. Transform customer engagement through deeper, more personalized relationships at every touch point, using an end-to-end suite of applications powered by Google AI. Contact us today to learn more or to schedule a demo. Awesome. So what you saw there was really natural human-like voices with very low latency. Everybody's talking about conversational agents and the power of them. But really, the power of customer engagement suite is blending these conversational agents with agent assist and insights. What you saw there from quality AI, where we can analyze not just 2% of calls that come to the call center, but 100% of calls that come to the call center for human agents and virtual agents, and provide a self-improving virtuous circle for your contact center. In addition to our customer engagement suite, we also have many other customer experiences that we're building. In particular, we have some pre-built industry-specific agents that deliver awesome customer experiences. Here you see our food ordering agent. This is our first instantiation of conversational commerce, where customers come to a drive-through, really noisy background, and be able to order seamlessly. What we're looking at is human-like conversation, but actually superhuman consistency. Agents who don't have a bad day. Agents who don't forget to upsell or cross-sell. This is all delivered through an integrated AI engine, deeply integrated into a quick-serve restaurant's back-end systems. It's grounded in their menus and their policies, and so it always delivers the experience that they expect. And it allows voice customization, personality to shine through of that restaurant. This product delivers cost optimization by taking some humans out of the loop, making them more efficient, freeing them up to spend time with customers, and revenue growth. Seamless upsell continuously, tailored to their strategies for growth. Another example is our automotive agent. This is our answer to address the opportunity that the car manufacturers see to own the end-to-end experience within their cars. Whether that's information sharing, whether that's navigation, entertainment, car functions. You want to be able to run it all with your brand voice. Triple-A, automotive AI agent, bit of a mouthful, shortens time to market significantly for these automotive manufacturers. We've got great momentum here. You've probably heard the announcement from Mercedes, and expect more coming. All right. Let's have a discussion. Now I'd like to invite on stage two amazing guests. We have Megan Nichols, Vice President, Care Experience and Operations at Walmart. And Chetna Segal, Managing Director at Accenture. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Megan is a transformational leader focused on leveraging technology and AI to enhance customer and associate experience across one of the world's largest and most complex retailers. Chetna is a published thought leader, public speaker, and has done numerous webinars and podcasts. She's been recognized as one of the women, top women leaders in San Francisco by women we admire in 23, 24 and 25. Okay. I'm going to start with some questions for Megan and for Chetna. Walmart is obviously one of the largest retailers in the world and provides exceptional customer experience. It has a huge impact on your business. What does the best customer experience look like for Walmart? Yeah. Our customers are really the cornerstone of our business. And our founder, Sam Walton, famously said, if you don't listen to your customers, someone else will. I think our teams really take that to heart as we're thinking about building out those experiences and specifically the experience of how do we take friction and effort out of the entire customer journey. More than that, we know we've got to get even more proactive and get rid of the reactive customer experience. So no matter how customers want to shop with us, whether that be in a store or online, that experience needs to feel consistent throughout. And really, we're looking to take defects out. And that's never been more true for us than it has in the last several years where we've seen hyper growth in our digital channels. And we want to make sure we're proactively taking defects out of that experience. That builds trust with our customers and it allows us to think about more than traditionally the speed, the average handle time. We talk about that in this business a lot as a metric and it's important. But for us, we are seeing that evolve into more than just speed, but really the total value and the empathetic experience as they go through the customer journey. So we're really excited about what that looks like and how it's continuing to evolve. If I could be so bold as to say, what led you to work with Google Cloud? Yeah, we have a really ambitious goal to continue to deliver those experiences. And we want to work with partners who are going to work hand in hand with our incredible internal technology teams to bring that to life. And we need to go even faster than we're going today. And so we want to work with partners who are going to help us accelerate that journey. Awesome. Thank you. Now a question for you, Chena. Accenture is helping many leading companies like Walmart architect customer experiences. What are the key trends that you're seeing in the CX space? Yeah, I think Lisa, it's mainly the evolution of the service function, if you will. And the beauty is what I'm going to say aligns to what you talked about in CES and Megan, what you said about Walmart. So bottom line is our perspective is within Accenture, we want our customers to go from stage one, which is basically your call center to contact center to a customer experience hub, all the way to an insights hub. That's a pretty dramatic evolution because we're going from what you said earlier. You're basically taking, OK, I'm going to respond to a customer's issue all the way to becoming a trusted advisor. And what underpins that is a lot of things, right? First of all, in a call center where you're basically just answering inquiries, it's 80% humans, 20% technology. And you go up the chain, it becomes 30% technology, 70% humans, where you are now answering customers, not just inquiries, but resolving their issues, if you will, helping them a little bit proactively. Then you get to the world of customer insights or experience, excuse me. And in experience, it's more about technology. It has to be underpinned by Gen AI. You talked about, I think you mentioned self-service. We don't want to talk to people, right? So self-service piece is pretty important in that layer. And then the final stage is the customer insights hub, which is going to be really the agent, human agent, is now a trusted advisor. And everything else is being done by the AI agents. And that's, again, a paradigm shift. And this is a continuum. So it's not that, oh, you can't have facets of each as we evolve. But that's what we are doing with our customers. And the product, CES, is really helping us expedite that journey. Maybe you can share what investments Accenture has made with Google and CES. Yeah. You know, CES is a customer experience is a top agenda for Google and Accenture. So the investments we've made is one is we've got people that are skilled functionally, but we also want them to be current with the technology. So lots of investments there, Lisa. We've got, as you know, COE in Philippines and India for CES. So we're excited about that. We're doing a specialization on CES. We've got that. We are building assets, accelerators, that we take to our joint customers. That's another investment. And then the last piece is the go-to-market, which is, you know, how we interact with our customers jointly and also how we invest in their journey. So a bunch of investments and we're super excited about it. We're super excited to partner with you. So, Megan, tell us a little bit about how the transformation, the CX transformation at Walmart is going. What were you hoping to achieve and what have the results been? Yeah, we've been really excited. I think Walmart is constantly in different phases of transformation and change. But right now we're in such a pinnacle moment on the customer engagement side of the business. We really wanted to achieve exactly what Chetna just talked about, which is moving from just answering customer contacts, but really creating this insights hub that we are taking the hundreds of millions of interactions that we get on a yearly basis and actually surfacing those back to the organization. So it's no longer just us taking the contacts, but it's how are we using that data across the enterprise to leverage a better holistic customer experience. So we're really excited about that. I think we've partnered really closely together to start to pull apart what those experiences look like, where those defects are in the chain, and how do we surface those back to whether it be our merchants or our stores or even our e-com team. So it's going great. I think we are still very early. We're excited about what the future holds in this space and how we can take it even further than what it's been in the past. That's great. And maybe both of you could talk a little bit about how you go about measuring value. What are the KPIs that you think about? Yeah. So we obviously think about NPS and CSAT. Those are going to be really important. What does the experience look like? How are our customers or associates or members or whoever we're interacting with, how are they viewing that? But it's more than just the individual interactions. It's really the culmination of their experience with Walmart. It is the customer lifetime value that's coming to life. And then everybody wishes they had more time in their day. So AHT, average handle time is always going to be really important for us as we think about that and how we're continuing to pull cost out of the equation. But I will say the metrics are really important and the cost component is really important. But we never want to index on just the cost but ensure we're bringing that entire experience to life and we're never losing sight of that. Fantastic. We did not prep, but the answer does align to that in that, you know, I talked about the four stages, if you will. And the first one I mentioned, call center. Again, these are not, you know, kind of, it's a continuum, as I said. So average handle time. It still is important, but that used to be the focus from a call center angle because you're focusing on operational efficiency. That's the KPI. You're looking at things such as agent utilization or IVR containment. You're going to your stage two, which is your contact center. Now you're trying to say, okay, when I've got my first call, the first call resolution, how's that going, right? And then you're also looking into, is my digital containment there? Because now you've added more in the base from a technology angle. Then you go to the customer experience side of it, which is the third stage. And you mentioned the CSAT, the NPS score. Those become really important because now you're trying to gauge how the customer experience is going, not just handling one query, if you will. And then the third, excuse me, the fourth one, which is the ultimate stage, if you will, it becomes an insights hub, which is now a revenue center. It's a profit center. It's a growth area. So your metrics need to align to that. So you talked about customer lifetime value. That's a very critical metric in our books from that angle. It also about how we are doing customer churn. How's that going? How's the growth? How's the profitability? How's the revenue? Measuring the agents on that, that's the KPI set we want to get towards. Totally agree. And, you know, what we see across so many customers are the customers that take the time to think through the metrics up front, define them and measure them and put instrumentation in place are the ones that are the most successful in their transformations. So, can't leave the stage without talking about generative AI. Yeah. What are the new capabilities that you're seeing and using that weren't available to you before? Yeah, I think we've been investing in the Gen AI technology for a while. But what we're seeing is the anomaly detection that's coming up, getting to the deeper root of customer contact reasons. But I think the two areas that I get most excited about are really on the customer side of the house. So you talked about self-service. Both of you talked a lot about self-service. When our customers want to solve the problem through self-service, we want to make sure that they have the agents available to be able to do that. And we've seen a lot of really great progress in that space and being able to take action on behalf of the customer, getting them speed back, taking the effort out on their behalf. And I think where I get even more excited is where we're unlocking Gen AI capabilities for our associates. There's so much complexity that we can take out of the day today. And we've been focused on how can we give our associates Gen AI that really take the manual work out. It allows them to be more focused on the customer experience. They can be thinking about revenue generation, all of the things besides just doing the manual day in and day out work. So I'm super excited about where that will continue to evolve to because we can really empower our associates to do more and take down that complexity. Yeah, I mean, so many customers implement something as simple as summarization. It takes 30 seconds or 90 seconds off a call. Every single call. It's great. Chetna, do you want to touch on the capabilities that you're leveraging for Gen AI? Yeah, I think Gen AI is underpinning everything. Yeah. Right? I think we're going to have a lot of convergence now. So I talked about the four stages. It's just fast-tracked that journey that we couldn't have really imagined before. Yeah. So, you know, you look at channel convergence, getting the same service through the various channels. You can't do it without Gen AI. I'm going to go back to, you know, self-service again. Really, I'll give you an example. So we're working with the telco where we are putting in, we want to make self-service really strong. So we are putting in things such as multimodal capabilities. So I am the end customer and I am able to now put in images to get answers to my questions. Or I can have two builds compared, my two phone builds compared and get answers. That's a whole new level of self-service that didn't exist before. Complex activities. Another example. So I'm kind of bringing this a little bit to life, right? We said Gen AI is critical. But what else are we doing? We've got this leading healthcare provider we are working with. And we're doing, you mentioned, called summarization. So that's one thing we're doing. The other thing we're doing with that is in-moment intelligence. You know, we talk about it like getting the knowledge for the agent, but getting it that moment. It's a different ballgame. And we're making that available. And the beauty is in the old world, we used to have the flows that had to be charted out, right? Those of us worked with Visio. It was all very, I'm going to say, hard-coded. Now it's fluid, which means your business can be fluid, which means you can understand the customer intent and then the agent can, the AI agent can act accordingly. So again, it's taking it to a new realm. And the last example I'll give is actually another telco that we're working on. And I'll talk about call summarization. Now, one thing's okay. It's six seconds now, by the way, using CES over there. So one, two, three, four, five, six. Done with the whole call summarization. That's powerful. But then we looked at it closer and we noticed that CES, of course, is way more accurate than JNI would be. But the third thing that I find very powerful is that CES captured a lot more than the human agent did, like dramatically more. So when we talk about the fact that we're going to go to the fourth stage where the human agent becomes the trusted advisor, you can't miss all the context. So this is actually sounds like, oh, you got a lot more context. But it's a game changer in the trajectory towards stage four. So Gen AI really enables all of it. That's amazing. So well said. One last question. You know, as a product manager, I used to build roadmaps that were, you know, one, two, three years in advance. I feel like these days I can hardly plan further than one, two, three months in advance. But assuming that you all have a crystal ball, where do you see the future of customer engagement and customer experience going? Again, maybe we'll start with you. Sure. It's Vegas. We should be making bets, right? Deciding what we think the future holds. I think it's really hard. I mean, to your point, I think we're surprised at how far we've come in the last two years. And predicting what will happen in the next two years is really difficult because of the evolution of moving so quickly. But if I were going to make a bet, I would say we're going to get even more personalized. We're going to get even more tailored. We are going to be anticipating needs ahead of time. And I think our business will have to continue to evolve to get to that place. Our goal, and I talked about it earlier, our purpose is really to serve those customers. And we have got to be three steps ahead. We talk a lot about meeting them on their terms. But I think the future for us is really anticipating what those terms are going to be two to three years from now. And setting up our technology in a way that is dynamic and fluid so that we can continue to evolve as the customer evolves. But it's going to get really, really personalized. You said what used to be creepy, we're now very okay with. We want to continue to leverage that information. I think as both a customer and as someone on the customer side, we're really focused on how do we harness that data, the insights, and get really excited about predicting what that's going to look like. Awesome. You said it really nicely, Megan, yeah. We'll see whether that comes true. Right. What's your prediction? You know, I agree with everything you said, Megan. A year or so ago, I was here at Next and I talked about a perspective that Accenture has on technology being distinctly unhuman. In that we would say the humans have to adapt to the machines so they can in turn help us. Now you fast forward to now and oh boy, like with agents, they are being onboarded, they're learning, we train them. Thomas used the term thinking. You, Lisa, use the term understanding emotions. So the lines are blurring between agents and humans. And our perspective used to be companies that can make their technology more human will win. Right? So now everyone has that opportunity. So basically, how do I see this evolving in the next couple of years? It's basically the four stages I talked about. You've got technology that has become immensely powerful. And you've got things that are already there today, right? You've got the cognitive enterprise brain, the digital core. A lot of the enterprises are setting up. We've got multimodal capabilities, a lot of new things that were released today. You put that all together and it's really going to be a reinvention of the support function, if you will. Basically, you talked about support used to be a cost to cut. Now it is going to be a revenue generator. As I said earlier, the agents, the human agents are going to become the trusted advisor. They are going to get insights from the machines in terms of human intent and all the context they didn't have before. The agents, the AI agents will take care of all the other activities. So bottom line is it's a brand new experience where now support is from enterprise going to be a revenue function, as I mentioned, a profit area, an area for growth, an area to talk about customer experiences. And in the long run, the difference is going to be that instead of the human agents kind of being embedded into the function of support, they're now creating that function of support. So it's a whole new ballgame for enterprises as well as for the end users. Phenomenal. Very inspiring. You know, I like to think about it a little bit like the very best concierge at the very best hotel. They know that they know everything you've done. They know every visit you have. They know about your family. They know what your likes and dislikes are. And they can anticipate based on their knowledge of the environment, what might you want to do next. And so, you know, prescient is a world we think about. And how do we get there? I'm excited for the future. Thank you both very much. This was wonderfully informative. how can we hold actions and犧牧وم killers? How do we hold actions, how do we hold actions when we hold change perspective? How do we hold actions, how do I hold actions, how do I hold actions, how do I hold actions, how do I hold actions, how do I hold actions Thank you.