 Who's here to learn about business continuity for SQL Server workloads? My name is Mohamed Kabiruddin. I'm a senior product manager in Google Cloud. First, we've decoupled backups from instance, which means you can now retain your backups even after instance deletion. Next, coming soon to Cloud SQL for SQL Server, we are bringing sub-second downtime for planned maintenance and machine scale-up. Imagine completing a maintenance activity or SQL Server patching in under a second. I have a demo later in the presentation to just show you that. Last year, we announced Cloud SQL Enterprise Plus Edition for SQL Server. Cloud SQL Enterprise Plus Edition for SQL Server delivers up to 4x improved read performance compared to the Enterprise Edition. We improved performance with two new machine families. With performance-optimized machines, you get 8 gigs of RAM per vCPU. And with memory-optimized machines, you get 32 gigs of RAM per vCPU. Not only that, we enhanced read performance with an optional data cache add-on, which can be added to your infrastructure for Cloud SQL. We added capabilities for better data protection and business continuity. With advanced disaster recovery capabilities, you can have a DR replica across another region and failover during your DR scenarios. You can also switch back to the original primary once the outage is resolved. And all of this is with zero data loss. We introduced a right endpoint that ensures that you're always pointing to your active primary and your applications don't have to change connection strings. All of this is powered by well-known SQL Server technology with distributed availability groups. With data protection, we enhanced point-in-time recovery backups to 35 days. We increased our availability SLA to four nines. And coming soon, we will bring sub-second downtime for planned maintenance and machine scale-up. With today's announcement, we're excited to share that maintenance for Cloud SQL Enterprise Plus primary instances typically only requires sub-second downtime. And this applies to all three engines of Cloud SQL. Don't take my word for it. See it in action. In this demo, Vlad is a database professional who wants to run a maintenance event on his Cloud SQL for SQL Server instance. So, Vlad has an Enterprise Plus edition of SQL Server 2022 Enterprise, and he's going to start a maintenance event. He starts gcloud and types out his gcloud command to simulate a maintenance event. This is a cool new feature where you can simulate a maintenance event and see how it behaves. Before he does that, Vlad wants to run a shell script that prints out the current date time from his SQL Server databases in iterative intervals, so he can track the downtime that actually incurs when he performs a maintenance operation. So, he runs the script, and you'll see very soon that it starts printing out the current date time every few milliseconds from his SQL Server database. Behind the scenes, Cloud SQL for SQL Server will run its magic to make sure that the maintenance downtime is minimal. Very shortly, you'll see a blip on the screen, which will factor in the maintenance downtime that Vlad faces. As you can see on the screen, the maintenance lasted 844 milliseconds. The timestamp before the maintenance blip, maintenance downtime blip, was 50 seconds, 83 milliseconds, and after was 53 seconds, 927 milliseconds. So, the total downtime was about 844 milliseconds. Vlad completes his maintenance operation with downtime lasting less than a second. Vlad's SQL Server is a backup backup. Cloud SQL already has a bunch of robust backup features. The existing features are well known to the community. We have automated backups daily. You can take on-demand backups as you please. You can restore your backups across projects and regions. You can have point-in-time recovery backups for up to 35 days. And you can import and export data. In addition to that, we have some exciting new announcements and new features that we've added to the fleet. We have final backup, where Cloud SQL now ensures data integrity by taking a final backup before you delete your instance. We have retained backup, where users can now retain backups for a specified duration, even after an instance deletion. We have point-in-time recovery even when your source instance is not available. And my favorite is exporting transaction logs for SQL Server. Cloud SQL for SQL Server now allows you to export transaction logs for SQL Server into your own Google Cloud Storage buckets. With retained backups, you can preserve backups post-instance deletion. This keeps all your existing backups even after the instance is deleted. And all of these backups are available in one single view. This allows you to recover instance data from any preserved backup even after deletion. And it acts as a safety net against accidental instance deletions. Retained backup reduces the risk of accidental data loss by ensuring your backups always remain available even after you delete an instance. And on the right-hand side, you can see a snapshot of what the experience looks like. With all these capabilities to better protect your data and to design for business continuity with advanced disaster recovery and sub-second maintenance downtime, Cloud SQL for SQL Server is a fully managed database service for your enterprise SQL Server workloads, powering your most important business-critical applications. Thank you for joining me and I hope you've learned a lot about business continuity for SQL Server. Thank you. Thank you.