 Thank you. I'm Albert Lai, Director for Media and Entertainment with Google Cloud's Global Strategic Industries team. Thank you for joining today's session as we discuss trends in the media and entertainment industry, the ongoing impact of AI, and how leading global companies are transforming their business and audience experiences. Now, today, we face a reality where consumers choose from an increasingly broad array of options to fulfill their content consumption needs. And it's not just premium television and film and music and articles. It's any entertainment option that's available by a click, a swipe, or voice command. So what happens when consumers continue to have choice on what, where, and on what surfaces they want to consume content? Well, it's about attention, or more precisely, the battle for attention. Now, various stats have been published that talk about the average person's attention span, 41 seconds, 8 seconds. Let's not nitpick. But the reality is probably about half of you have already read an email or a text on your cell phone since I started speaking. And it's even harder for those of us that have been here for the last six days at NAB and Next. On the bright side, somebody told me that the Killers will be performing at Next at Night. And so we have the challenge here to keep your attention for the next 45 minutes. Now, historically, the industry has invested in content, improving discovery and personalization, and increasing audience loyalty. And we all see the challenges in the industry. But these are also opportunities. And so the question is, will companies self-destruct or will they self-disrupt? Now, the silver lining in all of this is, of course, it's AI, where companies are investing in how to optimize and transform their business. Now, Google Cloud, our approach has three facets. The first is the advent of state-of-the-art multimodal models like Gemini that can help you understand video, audio, text, images with temporal reasoning, with advanced understanding, with deep research for both understanding content as well as the generation of content. But second, look, it's not just about the model. At Google Cloud, we provide a vertically integrated stack that leverages custom silicon that runs the unique reduced precision matrix and vector-based computation for machine learning. A model garden that provides over 160 foundation models from Google Cloud, from open source, from third parties, and also an API for building agentic experiences that's accessible for business users, software developers, and AI practitioners. But third and most importantly, all of this is purpose-built for enterprise AI to protect your data, your IP, your company. Now, we've worked with global companies and partners to identify what helps achieve outcome-based results, and we use that as an organizing principle. So these are the four pillars on the right. The first one is about enhancing content production management. This spans everything from content localization, script analysis, broadcast, and virtual studios. The second is understanding the value of content. And this is about understanding and maximizing the monetization and engagement of content, whether it's 50 seconds old or 50 years old. Earlier today, my colleague Buzz Hayes led a session on these topics. And third, enhancing enterprise productivity. This is about all the internal tasks and toil where AI can be applied to drive operational efficiency through automation and streamlining. But today's session is about personalizing audience experiences. Now, for over 20 years, companies like Google have leveraged AI for personalization, but with the advances in hyperscaler cloud technology and AI, these capabilities are available for any media company. So people often ask me, where's the industry on this journey? Well, 2023, that was the year of experimentation. And media executive called it Pilotpalooza where dozens of teams were experimenting with AI across their business from a list of hundreds of use cases. 2024 was about scaled pilots where companies were beginning to measure quantifiable business outcomes. And now, 2025, this is about scaled production deployment of AI. Now, like any episode of Landman or Game of Thrones or Bosch, I hope I've gotten your attention and I hope you're excited to hear more from my colleague Anshul Kapoor and leaders in the media industry from Daily Motion and Globo. Please welcome to the stage. Thank you. Thank you so much, Albert. Thank you for the fascinating insights that you've given to us and slightly alarming statistics on dwindling attention span and actually the very real prospect that Killers is going to be performing after this. I would just like to introduce myself. My name is Anshul Kapoor. I'm the market lead for telecomedia and gaming consumer industries. And for the ones who haven't actually looked at their phones since we started this session, congratulations. You're already on the right side of the curve but just to keep your attention going a little bit longer, I would like to introduce my ex-team panelists with you. So first is Adunias Mello who is head of innovation at Grupo Globo and Sean Black who is a journal manager and senior vice president of North America for Daily Motion. Welcome, gentlemen. Thank you. Thank you. And I think what I've heard, Sean is in a little bit of a hurry after this and he has to leave and go somewhere. So do you want to explain why? I'm jumping off the stage I'm getting married. So, and that's real. So at 7 o'clock I'm getting married. So hold your questions, please. Thank you. Appreciate it. Yes. I wish my wife knew about it but it's okay. It's not a problem. So we are, this is a, this is like a bachelor party. Yes. So thank you for all being here at my bachelor party. This is awesome. It's exactly what I was looking for. Yeah. I don't have an interesting story like him but I go to the killers. Yeah, we'll celebrate over there. And as Albert was showing some of the statistics earlier about the fight for audience attention that's going on in the market, we at Google believe that AI is a tool not just to retain audience attention but also customers are using this to reshape the conversation, how users are engaging with the content and create new stories using that. So today with my panel and we are not just going to talk about the AI experimentation that you guys have been doing. Both of you have been deploying AI use cases in production for a long period of time. So just to get to it, maybe Adonis starting with you, why don't you introduce yourself and tell us a little bit about Globo and some of the AI innovation projects that you guys are trying out in the market. Yes, so I'm a project manager responsible for innovation in the media supply chain and also for content innovation. We are at Globo, we are one of the largest media companies in the world, so we produce content, we programming, we have our own network, so we do everything in the chain, we also produce content for news, sports, soap operas, reality shows, all kinds of contents. And basically we are doing AI everywhere. So every part of the company, every task of a media company have, we are experimenting, implementing solutions using AI, but if I would like to mention one particular one would be the next generation television or next gen TV, what we call TV 3.0, so it is all about personalization and recommendation to engage users. So basically we are personalizing experience, we are changing from a static and more generic approach to a more dynamic and really specialized distribution. So the idea is to mix broadcast broadband and have a more digital experience so we can engage users, have more feedback about the behavior, what they enjoy, so we can really deliver a very customized experience, not only for advertising but also content and also the content can adapt for the needs, the interest of the audience. So that's one of the, for me it's one of the biggest projects projects but we have all kinds of, like I said, examples. Yeah, that's fascinating, so you are looking at ways to keep the audience attention going, whether they're watching the same content on streaming versus linear and maintaining the understanding of user, recommending the content based on that. Exactly, that's the idea. And what about you, Sean? Well, I just want to make sure you are here, this is an AI. So I'm Sean Black, I'm the GM of Daily Motion in the US. If anyone knows, so Daily Motion actually was born the same week as YouTube, we're the second largest video platform syndication in the marketplace and global in that respect. Our job is really to create an environment for consumers to come in and engage with publishers content. So we don't actually create anything, we're syndicating content across using our video player as well as allowing people to come in and engage and look at that content. I think for us, much like what you were talking about, personalization and driving that experience, what's been really important for us is AI really becoming an interoperable part of our entire business. So when we think about not just how it's creating experience for the end user and the consumer and for us to be smarter about how we're providing content to them or allowing them to pick up where they are watching or finding different areas that we found in videos that have high engagements or low engagements but also connecting that part of what we understand in the ecosystem to using AI for, like you had said, the advertising piece of it. So how do we go and we talk to brands and advertisers and use that information to help them get smarter about reaching the right people at the right time based on their consumption and the things that they're doing? That's amazing. So from your point of view, you're not just looking at shaping the audience experience and recommending the content on what they want to watch but also using that information to better target ads and go to the brands. A hundred percent. Yeah, it's really it's allowed us to be like everyone else. I mean, I think AI provides speed, right? It's allowing us to be a lot more efficient in terms of the way we think about creating consumers and creating what we call twins, understanding what these people look like, what's important to them, and then how you help choose the right content to be served to them based on what we call frequency over time, right? The frequency that you're looking at content over the time frame that you're actually engaged. That's amazing. So coming back to you and the project that you mentioned on TV 3.0, you've been, I understand you've been working on that project for some time. Firstly, how did you prioritize and what aspects of AI did you look at in the project and are there any, already are you already seeing some benefits of AI into this project that you can share? Yeah, actually we've seen many advances using AI, like I said, especially for the content creation. So we have using this, I would like to mention this specifically, one is about using generative AI to analyze and give, have insights of the content that's been generated so we can give feedback and accelerate the production of content. So basically we are receiving content, 24 by 7 content and audio as well so you can have diarization, have like, you can generate insights for creative people so they can speed up the process of media production and they can produce large amounts of data because audio and video has so much information and you can leverage this and have this really insights for better content production. Okay, so you're using it not just from the taste that is coming back from the user but also understanding inside the video using AI, who's playing, which are the actors, what is happening and using those insights to better guide how you're creating content? Exactly, so we can speed up the production, we can produce more content and we can publish more content on platforms as well so and then we can analyze everything and have more insights so we can re-leverage the business. Okay, so you get to know using AI to also find out the additional insights on what users are liking, what part of the movie or the show are they liking and that helps you also. Yeah, it can be all kinds of content. Right now we are experimenting using for reality shows but we can use for news, for sports, for example, if we automatically identify what was a goal where we can create highlights so we can distribute it faster and producing more content and that's the way we're doing. We are using multimodal AI like Gemini and Chip so we can have these insights and have all this data to be leveraged. And thanks so much and Sean, what about, is there a specific project or projects you want to highlight that you guys have been working? No, we don't have anything going on. No, I think that the two most interesting ones are one, using the AI to being able to actually listen and watch the videos and create metadata. What's really important obviously is you want your content or your publisher's content being found and you want it to be organized in a way that it's easy for consumers to engage with. So having an AI engine being able to actually look at that content and then help us actually build out the metadata has been really one, again, speed to market and then also being able to better the experience and better the way that people are finding our videos and the content. And then the other pieces I had mentioned earlier from the advertising perspective is I think that one of the most exciting areas that we're playing with is creating twins, as I mentioned earlier. Being able to really look at what a consumer is doing and creating a virtual version of that person that you think that you want to target and then being able to engage with them, being able to ask them questions. What are some other things that you may do? What are some other interesting ways that I may reach you? And then combining that into, again, a full complete suite, if you will. Okay. And how, for these projects that you are trying out with AI, how are you measuring success? What are the criteria that you're looking at? And if there is any number that you can share? Yeah, I mean, like typical, look, there's a lot of vanity KPIs out in the marketplace, right? And it's definitely not completion rates, if you will. A lot of it is speed, right? How fast we're computing in terms of creating the meta tag information, being able to upload the content and get it. But the other thing is also looking at search results and how better, you know, in terms of ranking that content when people are actually going to Dailymotion, they're searching for the content. And now from the viewability perspective, but I think the engagement time is really important. And you had mentioned earlier, is looking at where are those peaks and understanding, are we really getting to understand what's the right content that we're putting out for our consumers? Yeah, and I think the search experience also is something I know we have been collaborating with you on to improve the experience, not so people are finding more relevant content that they're actually. Because that's, look, one of the worst parts of video inherently, right, is as I mentioned earlier, meta tag information is only as good as the person who puts it there, right? You can put anything at the end of the day and then that's all really what you're using to index. So being able to use and partner with you guys in a way that we're using the AI to actually pull real good strong metadata and then marrying it back to the search is now allowing us to actually give a much higher and better ranking to content that's relevant to you versus just random content at the end of the day. Yeah, absolutely. Don't you have any insights or any KPIs that you have been working on? Yeah, actually, yeah, yeah. Metrics is, in the end of the day, a lot about time and money, right? So we're still figuring out how we can measure those capabilities. So, for example, comparing the time necessary to produce content using AI versus the traditional one. So, yeah, yeah. I think something that we probably have common is the monetization part of it, right? Like, the people that work with us want to make sure that they're making money. Exactly. Right, and we're making money for them. So part of AI's ability to help us even monetize the content in a better way, right? Again, not just making it specific to the consumers and making a better experience, which, again, increases engagement, time spent, more consumption, more money. More money, yeah. Absolutely. And about growth and revenue, yeah? Yeah, and I think also when it comes to the project that you are looking at, both of you actually, it's not just one project, right? It's across the work stream that you have been working on AI innovation. So these are absolutely It has to become interoperable within the business. You know, it's once you start really understanding how far you can take it, and I think the efficiencies are really what you learn, right, with AI of anything. I mean, it's smart and all the other things, but I think the efficiencies in which it allows us to go faster, allows a lot of different tracks within our business to work in the way that they can, right? It used to be, well, we'll do this project, but now it's, I can do 15 of those projects because we can move faster. Yeah, and while keeping at the same goal of increasing attention. And so just talking of this, both of you, is there any interesting insight or anything that you learned using some of these AI tools that you didn't know before while deploying? Yeah, I see, we see that the next big advances that we're looking for is like video generation. So we've seen lots of improvements. The technology is evolving really fast. Like in a few weeks, you can have different models and have better results. But for generating images and audio, you are getting very close to your production level. I think the industry at all, in general. But when you talk about videos, it's a completely different level because it's huge amounts of data, right? So the complexity, the resources demanding are very high. I think early stages of the generative AI use for videos. but we are getting close to use for like short movies, short medias, like for advertisement, for example, like 10 seconds, 50 seconds, 30 seconds content. We want to advertise a product. It's getting close, but we, for broadcasting, like creating content for longer durations, it's a completely different story. And we need consistency. We don't need the AI to create like objects of people or scenes that are consistent throughout the movie. Yeah. So we have this initiative. Last year, we had to produce like a five minute short movie. It was completely AI in all the process, like in the storyboarding, idea creation, and video generation. And the goal this year is to have like a 30 minute movie as well. So, like I said, there's lots of improvements. It's getting, speeding up really fast. Yeah, definitely. There's a lot of innovation happening and I think I was lucky to partner with you guys on some of these initiatives. The speed that you guys are innovating and also the technology, especially the AI technologies and new models that are coming up is fascinating. So what about you, Sean? I love the way that AI can make my dog look like a superhero. But in serious, we had talked about this earlier before we were getting on stage was the dubbing. Being able to now use, you know, when you're a global platform, being able to take a piece of content and then have that done in several iterations or across different languages is incredible. Right. So being able to do that in a way that it's efficient, fast and understanding, again, based on consumer behavior. Right. I think that experience to them makes it more personal. The other piece is how we can use AI. And I know I sort of bridge between the advertising and the content piece, but within the types of advertising that we're doing, using AI as a part of an engagement layer, which is even more interesting. Right. So now all of a sudden someone's viewing content, but usually as people think about like linear is typically a lean back, right? You're, you know, and digital is still kind of in that middle, but how do you drive that engagement and using AI really can help you do things that are interesting, right? Like I want to know more about something or, hey, you know, tell me a little bit more about this part of what I'm watching now and being able to connect other pieces of content to one single piece of content. probably do it like a textual search, like give me the highlights of the, my favorite scene, for example, for sports. Or being able to go right to that scene, right? So using AI in a way where it's understanding all of the clips and creating, like you had mentioned earlier, vignettes or being able to just say, I want to see this spot in the movie or show me where the biggest, you know, surprise happens or show me, you know, the section that I just need for this one piece of content, you know, instead of even potentially looking at a full 30 minute something, you know, I may just want the highlight. So just give me the highlights that I'm looking for. Yeah. Customization, personalization for the user. Yeah. Yeah. I think the, the, the underlying tools are getting there, but I think you're right to, to build applications on top of it that provide that end-to-end user experience in a simple way. So you're watching, you come home after, uh, after getting married and want to catch up with, uh, watching a game questioning why. Yeah. You can start with the highlights and then you can dig deeper into tell me more about this player and how is the player performed. So creating that from a lean back experience to more engaging experience that consumers can have. Even the, the placements. I mean, when we think about, I mean, there are typical standard placements of where content lives on a page, the context and con and content is, is very much tied together. Right. Yeah. So at the end of the day using AI to be able to understand is the video in the right environment for this user based on the content that they may be, you know, or their behavior over the past, what they're looking for, as I'd mentioned earlier, like that, that idea of frequency over time, if this person is increasing the amount of search around a specific topic, well, then the AI should start recognizing that to be able to serve up content that's now relevant to you. Yeah. And so are these the, is this the video, video generation or audio and image generation? Is that the next big projects that you all are looking at global? We have many, many projects, but we are really studying this video generation project. So we like to see the capabilities. and so, and we're really pushing the, the, the most complex content. So that we give you an example. Nowadays, it's very complicated to shoot a film using children or animals, for example. We have regulation, we have laws that can only bring it to a kid for one hour. It takes a long time. Exactly. So generative AI can, can help us do that. So the, the, a good prompt, you can really bring the idea of the writer to, to, to a video. So that's one of the key aspects that we do. See that's having efficiency, have more capabilities of produce new content that was not able without AI. Yeah. That's really good to hear because some of the constraints that are there on content creation process, they go away. So you can actually tell new stories. by just leveraging your creativity in some ways. I just think it's important that people, you know, with the, with all that AI and all the things that we're talking about now, it's also understanding the guardrails and, and understanding that you still have to train these models, right? It's not like you could just turn this thing on and all of a sudden it'll start doing all this amazing stuff. part of the work and, and everyone who's here has to understand that it's, it's, we're still putting resources, right? It's, you're still putting lots of people, engineers and coders and being able to understand how do I make this work the way I need it to having the basis is great, but you still have to train a lot of these things to, to model what you're looking for. Yeah. And it's a new muscle for everyone, right? Across the industry. I, the pace of innovation is only accelerating, but the, the, it's still something new and, you know, in our innovative field. So maybe one last question is actually two last questions. One is that maybe a little bit of a Google specific question in some ways, because both of your companies are partnering with Google across different products and solutions and use cases that we have been working towards. if there is a request for one new thing that Google could help you with, what could that be? Discount. Should we negotiate here? This would be a good, you opened this, you started it. Yeah. As a matter of fact, let's use AI to do the negotiation. Actually, it just shows maybe my prompt was not clear. Context and content. There you go. I should have said, yeah, apart from negotiations. Apart from negotiations. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? I think the partnership is important to us because at the end of the day, it's having people who share in the same ideation that you're trying to create, that the end point that you're trying to get to. It's, you know, look, everyone could think all these great, wonderful things, but you still have to be grounded, right? In what you're trying to do for the business. And I think the value that we have in our partnership is you guys spending time to understand what are we trying to achieve at the end of the day and not necessarily say, well, you should do this and you do that, but understand for the business that we're in, which is a very dynamic business. And there's a lot of components. As we had said, it's AI can be very much an interoperable part of our business, but it's having a partner like Google to be able to sit down and say, look, these are the things that are probably the most important. And here are some areas that may make sense for monetization versus what you're doing in search, like we had talked about. Yeah. In my opinion, we have like this closing relationship is very, is key for the success of both companies, for Google and the customer. So they have the opportunity to talk to product managers for the the products we saw the show itself. It's fantastic. So we can share feedback and so we can have our vision to to help Google to make the products better. So I think this personality is important. And I know that Google listens well to the customers. Well, I think they said after after this, we get a coupon, right? Yeah, yeah. Of course. Unlimited, right? Exactly. Yes. I think it's a coffee. That leads me to use round of applause for my fellow panelists. I think one thing, to be honest, and I hope everyone in this session and people who are watching it online, they get is that, I mean, it's inspiring stories that we are hearing from both of you. And actually, one thing for me, at least personally, was clear that you're not just keeping up with the new innovation and trends, actually, that's happening with AI. But you, both of your companies, in its own segments, are actually completely redefining how we are today and in the future, how we are all going to consume content. So congratulations to both of you. And I think the future is bright. And I think with this, Mr. Brightside kind of session, hopefully, yeah, thank you so much for your pain. Thank you.