 Hey everyone, I'm Carl, and today's topic is ditching the frameworks embracing core technology. I know that's a provocative statement, but this is really about looking at prototyping in our new generative AI era. Let's dig into this. This quote, nothing's invented and perfected at the same time, really sums it up well for me. I can speak from personal experience that what I produce up front isn't always the best. I need to iterate on it, and that's what prototyping is all about. Those ideas are codified well in the lean startup loop. Lean startup is this idea of you take a prototype, you build it, and you measure it, and with that feedback, you learn from that, and then you improve on that prototype in a continuous feedback cycle. So let's take that idea and apply it to a hypothetical startup called AIPraiser.com. AIPraiser is about taking AI and using a photo, looking at the value of an item, and being able to value anything you can think of. Whether that's something old in your attic that you want to donate, maybe it's a garage sale item. It allows anybody all over the world to take a picture of something and get a valuation using multimodal AI with Gemini. So let's think about the different steps in building this startup. Number one, we need to build a prototype, a low-fidelity prototype that's all about understanding the idea and getting everybody on the same page. It doesn't matter if it's disposable, it's quick, it's all about getting the idea right. The next stage is an MVP or minimum viable product. This is the early build of your solution. Next step is scaling your application, reaching users worldwide, adding more reliability and security to it. So Gemini Canvas kicks us off. Let's take a quick look at this. We just add a prompt, and we've got a working application. You can see the web app here, added a hammer, we got an appraisal for it, super quick to get up and going. So as a product manager, software engineer, you don't need a whole team to get the user experience all set up and a lot of work going. You can all by yourself get a prototype, and so your team can get going and build the idea. So that's Gemini Canvas. The next stage is really building it out with the team. So let's look at how Gemini Code Assist can support that. Here you see we've got our initial prototype, and we're going to add multi-currency support. So what we're trying to do now with this minimum viable product is enhance the front end and the back end to support multiple currencies worldwide. You notice that in my prompt here in Visual Studio Code here in the plugin, what I've done is I've pointed to our main file, our index HTML. So we're, again, working at that core level, bare bones HTML, JavaScript, Python code, and working on this application. So here we have a result of Gemini Code Assist coming back with revisions to our application to really get us into that MVP stage. You also see source citations. Wherever Gemini Code Assist may have a direct quote, you're going to see that. So here we go. We have our improved application. We're at the MVP stage. We've built this out, and we see that we have a Japanese yen valuation of our Chromecast remote. Good stuff. The next step, scaling the application or production. And here's where you really have a fork in the road. You can take that early build of your application and just keep going with that. If you feel comfortable with the quality of it, maybe you're under tight time constraints, just use that. On the other hand, you can start fresh. Take what you've learned, do a strategic rebuild. And this is a great option, too, if you really need to think about security, reliability, scalability, and you just might need to rework some things. And this is when maybe you start to shift to focusing more on using frameworks that have opinionation and security and all that good stuff built into the framework. In the end, I want to leave you with one message, which is that don't think about prototyping as building something or a deliverable. It's really a question. And generative AI helps you craft that question and answer that question. And the real power comes from you. How are you going to use that question for more insights and to do the right thing for your product and your users? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.