 SHARON PROSSER SHARON PROSSER All right, good morning. My name is Sharon Prosser. I am the global vice president of the SMB organization for Google Cloud. And I am your moderator this morning for a session entitled Empower Growth. And it's all about data and security specialist solutions for SMBs. So I'm going to do something a little unconventional. And I'm going to actually ask the audience a few questions first, just to get a feel for who's in the room with us. And by show of hands, who here in the room represents small and medium businesses? All right, so a good number of hands there. And for those that do represent SMBs, are you feeling the rise of pressure in your org while resources are staying level perhaps or even declining? Maybe just a show of hands. All right, so we've got a few hands up. What we're hearing across the SMB market is that there is increasing pressure to do more with less. And we know that the challenges SMBs face when it comes to, you know, leveraging resources, having better data insight, and stronger security. And it's oftentimes that limited resource factor, cost, and time that become the hurdles. Today, we're going to talk with some SMBs who've addressed these challenges. And they'll share some of the experiences and share some practical advice for you on how they leveraged Google Cloud specialist solutions for their organizations. So in terms of the agenda, I've got some pre-prepared questions that I'll ask the panelists to answer in hopes for all of us to get to know their business, their organization, and their experience. I am then going to open it up for live Q&A. And we'll have a few mics floating around. So think about that as you're sitting here this morning. And then we will wrap with, you know, we'll challenge the panelists with one final thought-provoking question before we leave. We've got a lot of material to cover in the time together. And so I will move us through that and get us out of here on time. And so with that, I am going to ask the panelists to introduce themselves. And when we do the introductions, if you could talk just for just a brief description of your business, your role, and also point out the cloud specialist solution that you're most closely connected with. And we'll start with John. Thank you. John Zur. I work at Taticam as a senior director of IT services. It includes help desk. It includes NetSuite, ERP, e-commerce, data operations. With small businesses, it also includes other hats as assigned. We've grown, at Taticam, we've grown over the last five years from 20 employees to 500 employees and a wide range of consulting services supporting our operations. If you're not familiar with trail cameras, trail cameras are devices that landowners or hunters use out on a wide range of properties that are disconnected from Wi-Fi. So they have to use cellular services and batteries and solar panels to operate. We have cameras all over the country, actually in multiple countries. And my job is just to make sure that the back end services continue to run as we grow. So, my name is Maria Menendez. I'm CEO at Data Intelligence. We are a company that we do big data for big companies. Otherwise, well, we are a little company, but we do big data for big companies. And we use for this, we use mainly machine learning and artificial intelligence. That's what we use. Hi, I'm Alex Hammond. I'm senior security architect for Ascendium Education Group. We're a non-for-profit with a mission to elevate opportunity for people throughout the United States. We believe that education after high school should be available for everybody. On top of that, we're also the largest federal student loan guarantor. So, yeah. We use Mandiant as a security operations service, Mandiant Google. Great. Thank you. So, we've got, you know, three SMBs cutting across three different industries. And so, I think we'll have a good discussion here. So, starting with you, John, at Tacticam, talk a little bit about some of the key challenges you were faced with and what led you, you know, to the Google Cloud specialist solution, Looker. So, with our rapid growth, one of the challenges that we had is, at our core, we're focused on customer service. And we were struggling as we were growing our customer service team to be able to provide our customer service team the data that they needed to best serve customers. And there was a wide range of tools in the data analytics space to help gather that data, analyze that data, and get, use that data in an effective way with our customer service team. So, we evaluated a range of tools. And we ended up landing on Looker as a tool that can quickly get data to our finance team, our customer service team, and really our internal security team, too, to analyze how our team members are contributing within the organization as we're growing. And for us, Looker was really a platform that didn't require a lot of investment on infrastructure. It allowed us to focus on our data. Our data is in AWS Redshift. And then we had pulled that directly into Looker. And our user community is all in G Suite and Workspace. So, it worked great for having our users use the tools that they're familiar with, specifically our customer service team and our operations team. The other one that's really kind of the entry point is our logistics team fulfilling orders for our high-profile customers, making sure that our sales team, like when they place an order and we're running low on inventory, that we could do analysis on what inventory was available where and how could we fulfill it fast. And Looker kind of fit kind of all categories of a tool that we could get into our users' hands, maybe less IT-focused and more business-focused. Yeah. And for us, the challenge was a little bit different. We have to understand very well the big data environment. So, we could be able to create the architecture, the robust architecture that we could use in order to be able to scale. And also, the other thing that we have to manage was the adoption of the cloud way of doing things. So, this is a culture. I mean, cloud culture is what we use to be flexible and also to be able to create the solutions that we need for our customers. Well, especially in the world of data and the concept of being able to scale, it is so critical because depending on the job, that will dictate the amount of data that needs to be pulled in and analyzed. So, and I love the point about sort of that cloud culture piece. That's a great way to frame it. And, John, you mentioned this a little bit, but I'm curious, what was your process for going out and selecting Looker? Tell us about that. Yeah. So, our company is very SaaS-focused. We develop mobile apps and SaaS services that are going out to our customers. And with that, we have a heavy engineering team that knows all of the BI tools and knows how to query the data directly and work the data directly. One of the things that we are struggling with is how to get that data out into the business's hands. Because while we can use all the SQL tools and stuff in our IT team, it's our logistics team and our customer service team that needed access to that data when they were making decisions. As we were growing as a small business, when you started small, you have a couple team members that can really do a lot. But as you're scaling, we needed to get more of that data out into their hands. And we would bring in these analysts that really had a hunger for accessing that data. And what we did is we set up a proof of concept that would allow us to, we really kind of did a shootout between a couple of products where we demonstrated the tools to our users, gave them both access to views of the data. And we had a specific problem where we needed to track identifiers from cameras as they were going out. Basically with cameras, you have IMEI and ICC ID numbers that you need to track where those are going. And our logistics teams wanted visibility to that. And with Looker, we're able to give them a very clean, simple environment to view their, the data that they cared about. Yes, we have big data that's sourced off of a wide range of data sources that includes Dynamo, Elasticsearch, and a range of other data sources that are feeding into it. And ultimately feeding into a large set of data lakes. And Looker made it cleaner for them to actually pull the data that was important to them. Good. And then Maria, you talked a bit about sort of landing Looker with your team and your customers and having more of like a help desk or a helpline that they could tap into as they were adopting Looker. Yes, actually we have a very good experience implementing Looker. We implemented in like a couple of months. It was very easy. We used to have another solution. And we migrated from it in record time. I mean, it was a very, very good experience. It was because really you helped us in all this process of teaching us and giving videos and letting us to speak with the right person that can help us and make it possible to do it very, very fast. Yeah, great. Well, I want to bring Alex into the discussion because security is a challenge that SMBs, you know, need to address. They're oftentimes the most vulnerable. And I'll share one thing. Alex has been quoted as using the phrase of like peace of mind or sleep at night. And you don't often hear that from a cybersecurity team lead who's looking after their organization and their customers. So you seem to be in a wonderful sort of position there. But tell us a little bit about Ascendium and the security challenge. Yeah, the challenges we face were unique. In 2019, I joined Ascendium and we were in the process of spinning off of a larger student loan servicer and becoming our own entity. So I got a once in a career opportunity to build an infrastructure from scratch, build everything from scratch. But we were still unique because we had about 250 employees we were bringing over from into our organization and we still had data, too. So we need to bring that over into an environment that was already secure. So what we did is we looked for managed service providers because one of the first things I was told when I joined Ascendium was I'm not going to get to build my own security operations program or security operations center. That was hard for me to digest because I grew up in a sock. I grew up looking at alerts, analyzing alerts, being on the ground in security and looking at data every day. And I wasn't going to get to do that anymore. I wasn't going to get to build my own team. So I needed to look to a partner to do that. I needed a partner that I could trust, a partner that knew the industry and that could evolve with us because we were building from scratch. And we were not only doing that, but we were also going from a legacy on premise environment to the cloud. And I wanted someone that could be there with us during that migration to bake security into that new infrastructure. That's great. And so you went with Mandiant managed defense. And so can you talk a little bit about your selection process? How did that become the right choice for your organization? Yeah, we looked at a handful of vendors at that time. But at that time, Mandiant was the name that I had most recognized. You know, when we looked at threat intelligence capabilities, they stood out as the top option. When we looked at partners that could evolve with us from an on-prem infrastructure to the cloud, they stood out above and beyond the other partners who were more than happy to help us out with the on-prem environment, but weren't going to be able to stick with us through our changes. So, yeah, the threat intelligence piece and the ability to support us 24-7 were huge in our selection process. Yeah, good. So let's move into a little bit of the nitty-gritty here with respect to how each of your organizations are using these solutions. So, John, we'll go back to Looker and talk just a little bit about the use cases. You know, how is your team, you know, using Looker day to day and the value that they're getting from that? So, Looker is their central view into disconnected data, right? So, our manufacturer produces data for product that is inbound. It's of a different data source than what we send them from our cellular networks that they're supposed to be using on their front end. And then when we're fulfilling orders, that's a different set of data. And then the camera usage is a totally different set of data. All that data together is really, it needs to be analyzed and used to help accelerate customer service. And the reason I have a passion for TatsCam is our leadership is completely focused on customer service and the experience. And we have a very busy season from June until late November. There's just heavy usage of our app and our services then and we have to ramp up fast. And customer service can be very expensive to have call lines set up to take those calls. And we need to react to data that's on the device level all the way to network services and from manufacturing. So, it's pulling all that together and it's enabling the business leaders to make quick decisions. It's great to talk about technology and big data, but it's another thing to then apply it quickly. We have, because we're privately owned and the leaders are heavily invested in it, they just have this zealot passion for their customers and kind of unforgiving for the staff. So, they don't really have time for over engineering technology and coming up with grandiose, like when you're a small business, you all know, you don't have time to like over engineer a solution. But you do have to provide great customer experience. So, for us, it's, I don't know if this is exactly answering your question, but it's pulling all that data so that our front line resources can react to it. Where we'll see social media posts that will say, hey, we've identified this issue and they want to jump on it. Our competitors want to jump on it. When we see that, we want to take that data in, analyze it, and enable our customer service team to react and solve the problem of 80% of our customers before they end up. Or be prepared so that when they start calling in, we can react quick. Because if we make a mistake in IT, it's painful. And a customer, I mean, Google knows it, right? When you, if Gmail takes a hit or if any of the services take a hit, the pressure is on. And you want to, you'll have that dashboard to be able to analyze it and work the problem quickly. Yeah. And your, your theme on customer service comes through loud and clear. And I would imagine all the SMBs in the audience think about customer service and making sure that they're, you know, providing that, that right level. Because reputation matters, customer loyalty matters. But underneath that, I heard this, you know, this concept of limited resource and you need to make your people highly effective by serving up data. You only have so many tier one caliber engineers. Like you wish you had a ton of them, but they're a limited resource. And there's a lot of problems they're solving. So they can't solve everything on their own. And the kind of sleep at night analogy, you, you want the team members to be able to sleep at night and recover and rest. So you don't want to keep putting pressures. You want to distribute the information to the team so that you multiple team members solving problems, which I think is great. What like the solutions Maria is solving for her customers, giving them access to the data so that they can better solve their problems quickly. We're doing it internally. I think her company is helping companies do that in a phenomenal way. So yeah, that's great. Well, and over to you, Alex, because you, you actually, you know, had to choose an outsourced option here. But talk a little bit about how you make that partnership work. Yeah. So yeah, even though it is an outsourced partnership, we treat the Mandiant team and we see them as like an extension of our team. We know our analysts by our first name. We know our sales engineers by our first team, by first name basis. So, but every two weeks, we'll, we'll do a dedicated session with, with Colin, our security analyst and talk through some of the threats that are, they're seeing within our industry, within the financial industry or the private sector or public sectors. And we'll talk through, you know, what's, what's happening in the world. So me as a security person, I like to understand every threat that's occurring. But realistically, I cannot stay on top of that while being able to maintain the duties at my organization. So every two weeks, we sit down with Colin and we talk through, you know, what's happening in the world, what threats do we need to be aware of. So they bubble that up and funnel that up to us so that we were being, we're talking about things that are relevant and not noise. And then in addition to that, we'll share with them any changes in our organization. So as an SMB in the cloud and modernizing our applications, we're, we're changing every day. We're constantly evolving as a business. So our partnership, our, our mandate partner sticks with us through that evolution. We work with them and discuss changes, discuss what we need to gain additional visibility and protect our organization. One thing I like about what they do too is, you know, there's hundreds of thousands of security events that are happening in our organization every day. Despite us being small, that's still a lot of data for us to comb through. So Mandiant using their tools and their analysts are able to funnel that down too as well from hundreds of thousands of events any given day to a couple of security cases. They, they'll bubble up to us over the course of a month. It's a lot easier for us to work through rather than all of those events at the same time. And, and as you pursued, you know, the Mandiant option, I guess talk, share with us a little bit on the process of what you're doing. The process you had to go through to get approvals internally, like what, and what resonated with your executives and, and the board? Yeah. So we're a heavily regulated organization. We're in audit 365 days a year. We have cybersecurity insurance underwriters. We, we, we want to always keep happy to keep our premiums low. And when we talk to them about our partnership with Mandiant, it hits all the check boxes for them. Um, in terms of being able to generate reports that are relevant to the board, um, reports that are relevant to the executives. And then when we talk to our auditors, when we talk to, um, our underwriters, um, those conversations are very easy. Um, you know, usually I don't have to, um, struggle to help them understand what we're doing from a security point of view. Because when we talk about Mandiant, when we talk about the Google services we're using, um, it clicks for them and they understand how we're meeting their requirements. Great. And so Maria, you're CEO of your organization. So a lot of these requests come up to you for review and, and sign off. And so how, how are you coaching your teams or encouraging them to balance having a robust data or a robust security solution, but also against the needs of, of, of your, um, of your, of your business and the financials? Well, um, what we found is that, uh, the most important thing to, to achieve is to gain customer trust. So the, the way, uh, to obtain this, this, this trust is, is that the team has to, to, to work and, and get this trust from the, from the customer. Uh, they, the, the customer needs to know that we are monitoring, that we are there for them. I mean, uh, they need to, to check that we are all the time, uh, doing, um, all the, the, the, what is need to, to, to, to, to secure their, their information. Because it's the most valuable asset that they have in their companies. So basically what we do is, is we, uh, we, we, we work with, with our customers to, so, so they can feel comfortable with, with our solutions in terms of security. That they know that there will not be any, uh, security, uh, threat or a cyber, uh, I say cyber threat or any access that is not, uh, legal access. So that's mainly what, what we do with. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and it, it, it is an imperative when you're, again, when you're dealing with, with data and the idea of, of making sure that that's protected, um, and that your customers are protected. When, when, if, if we turn that to an internal question and, um, as your teams approach you to say, Maria, will you approve this expenditure? What, what, what do you need to see to feel confident that that's the right investment for, for your company? Uh, well, what we are looking for, uh, obviously is, is, is, is, again, trust. I mean, we have, we are a little company, so, uh, in order to, to gain this trust, we need, uh, like a sponsor. I mean, we need, we need to look like a big company. Uh, and the way to, to be seen as a big company is, is partnering with, with this, this, this time with you, with Google, with Google, or with any other partner that make us, uh, look big. Uh, I mean, uh, this, this, this will help, uh, to, to give the service that we, we need to give in the, in the better, in, in, in a, in a good way, no? So, basically, if I review everything and, and it has, it makes sense. I mean, it, it, it is, it's, it's, it's a solution that delivers, uh, security, but also it's a cost effective. And it's, it's fast and it's scalable and it's a good solution. My stakeholders, my, I mean, my, my, my committee will, will say it's okay. I mean, it's a way to do it, to, to, to obtain, to obtain the, the distrust from the customers. Yeah. So it sounds like you've got your, your own criteria as you evaluate those investments internally.