 Andy Nguyen I'm so excited. I hope you guys are thrilled at the keynote and the amazing services and possibilities that are being opened up now. We're here to talk about how to enable innovative and secure work with Chrome, Chrome OS, and Google Workspace. And so just a quick introductions. My name's Andy Nguyen and I lead Enterprise Product Management for Google Workspace. I'm joined here by Rob. Hi, everyone. My name is Rob Beard. I'm a Product Manager for Chrome Enterprise. And you guys are going to be in for a real treat because we have Allison from TELUS. She leads the team experience effort over at TELUS and she's going to show you the amazing progress that she's had in ensuring that she has an innovative and secure experience for her team members. And that's, you know, nothing's better than actually showing. So let me just hand this over to Rob. Thanks very much. All right. So we've got a few slides to go through before we bring Allison on stage just to set the scene a little bit. So there are many challenges with legacy styles of working. And research by our friends at Forrester and Gartner really do highlight how enterprises are struggling with these challenges today. So a recent Forrester survey highlighted that IT leaders spend nearly half their time dealing with endpoint security, management, and deployment. And obviously that's a significant investment of time and it shows just how complex the tech stack can be. Gartner suggests that the average organization works with between 10 and 15 security vendors and between 60 and 70 security tools. And managing this many tools and vendors can quickly become a bit of a liability. And that same Forrester survey actually found that IT leaders, 90% of IT leaders, believe that the future of end user computing is web-based. And that shouldn't come as a surprise to most of the people in this room. Web-based applications provide organizations with flexibility, with employees able to work from any device anywhere. They can help increase security, obviously, by using Chrome. And they reduce support costs by having one version of the application in use for all employees. So despite this backdrop of complexity, IT leaders can see that leveraging cloud-centric tools can help achieve workplace modernization. And Google takes a differentiated approach towards modernizing work. Typically, when organizations try to change products or add-ons, their tech stack becomes overly complex, costly, and difficult to manage. But Google's approach is to provide tools that work together to create a seamless experience for both end users and IT across every layer of your stack. From your browser to your virtualization solutions to your productivity apps and your operating system and mobile platforms to your underlying infrastructure. Each product is designed to work and integrate with external tools so they can seamlessly connect into and complement your stack, no matter how diverse it is. And together, they form a complete end-to-end solution that can unlock transformative change for your organizations now and as your business continues to grow. And today, we're going to talk to you about how Google can help you modernize the way you work by simplifying management, enhancing security, and improving productivity. And we're going to show you a few brief demos about each one of these as well before hearing from Alison Butler. So first, simplified management. When it comes to simplified IT, we believe that the tools your IT admins use should save time. Google's web-based admin console is a single pane of glass to manage Chrome, Chrome OS, and workspace deployments at scale. You can manage how your employees work on the web, gaining visibility, actionable insights, and remote control over extensions, updates, and policies. You can manage how your employees work in web-based applications, eliminating challenges with desktop apps like support and patching. And you can manage how your employees work on cloud-first devices, configuring, deploying, and customizing devices from a simple cloud-based interface alongside Chrome Enterprise and Google Workspace. One of our customers who have unlocked this potential is Hackensack Meridian Health, or HMH. They're a New Jersey network of 17 hospitals with about 36,000 employees. They're a great example of an organization that was able to simplify their IT management with the help of Google. They started by making Chrome Enterprise the default browser across their network. The previous browser was slow, outdated, and constantly required troubleshooting. And after adopting Chrome Enterprise, HMH saw a 25% reduction in support costs. Following that, HMH decided to switch from running Microsoft 365 apps on Windows devices to Google Workspace on Chrome OS. And the integrations between Chrome Enterprise, Google Workspace, and Chrome OS, as well as the ease of managing them all in one place, helped drive a 25% increase in productivity, with AI-powered filters in Gmail also delivering a 30% reduction in spam. So I'm now just going to show you a very, very brief demo of our Google Admin Console, just to show you how simple and powerful this can be. So this will load. So the web browser you see in front of you is enrolled in the policy that's controlled by the Google Admin Console here. And as you can see, we've got hundreds of policies and controls to choose from that can be managed in multiple different ways. Today, we're just going to show a simple example of incognito mode. Obviously, you can see it loads there. Now, we're going to try and disable this by policy for all users managed by this policy stack. So we're going to navigate to the policy here, incognito mode. See it's allowed. We're going to disallow it there. Hit save. And within seconds, this policy has taken effect, not just on this particular browser, but across every managed browser and device used by this. There's no disruption, no restarts, no hands-on IT. It just works, right? So this is a very trivial example of the sort of power of this tool. We're just really scratching the surface here. But you can see just how quick and easy it is to manage browsers and devices at scale with Google Admin Console. And with that, I'll hand off to Andy to talk about how you can enhance security. Thank you, Rob. Really, the foundation of great security is simplified management. And there's a bunch of reasons for that we'll get into. Security is a critical part of your computing environment, which is why we believe it should be built into your product instead of being bolted on as an afterthought. Google takes a structurally different approach to our security. So there's a couple of examples I'd like to provide. Starting with Chrome. We import threat signals from over five billion endpoints. And we use AI to combine all of these signals in to give our customers and our users the very best phishing and malware protection in real time. That's an example of built-in. Second is that Workspace does not have any desktop clients. And there's a huge benefit from that because you don't have to patch them anymore. And because these applications themselves are a major source of vulnerability and attacks. Number three, with Chrome OS, we have a read-only operating system, which does not allow installing and running executables. Which we know that makes it really difficult to ensure your operating systems are safe. And makes it extremely hard to run untrusted software, unlike other operating systems in the 80s. Number four, AI defenses in Gmail inherently block 99.9% of spam, phishing, and malware. The vast majority of malicious emails do not reach end users. So this is an example of being built into the product and not having to be bolted on later. Number five, your emails and docs are stored in the cloud, making them much easier to protect. Instead of the alternative, which is your documents are spread out all over the place on thousands of endpoints. And so that if any of those are lost, you have a vulnerability or an exposure. Your risk is much lower when your data is secured in the cloud under the IT admins control. Number six, Google Workspace runs on Google's secure and reliable infrastructure. And this enables us to ensure that we have the highest level of protection for customers. Now, just because we do all these things, what does that mean? What's the impact? A more secure end user environment doesn't just improve your security. It improves your business results. In fact, organizations that use Gmail and Workspace have on average significantly fewer email security incidents compared to Microsoft 365. If you look in this chart, in the first one, an independent insurance company that underrides based on cybersecurity found that if you're using Microsoft 365, you're getting three times more incidents. This is collected by an independent party. If you're using Chrome Enterprise, that offering blocks 25% more phishing attempts. And then the third one, which I think in this day and age, many of us have concerns about ransomware. You can be using an operating system that has never had any reports of ransomware. Zero. And that's an astounding number. We're extremely proud of that accomplishment. And it's because we built security into the offering rather than bolting it on. I want to give you a quick demo of, like, some of our security offerings that really represent our ability to offer a best-in-class data security offering. So let's kind of get this set up here. We introduced this as the Google Workspace Data Protection Suite. So here we have an example of a document that is financially sensitive, and the organization has trained their own AI model to label it as need-to-know. And based on this label, you can attach policies like you can't share it. So the user here is like, oh, darn, I can't share this financially sensitive document outside the organization. But in addition, they're also not able to copy and paste it elsewhere. And this is because we've, the admin has actually set the policy for this type of data label. And again, this is all based on the organization's definition trained to their documents. We're going to switch in a moment to a different document. This is going to be a different type of document which we consider confidential. It is a technical spec. And we have a different classification label for it. Also, we don't want anyone sharing it. But we realize engineers need to be able to copy and paste. So they can still copy and paste with this document. So they have a bit more control around what they can do. And admins can set their own definitions of labels and the policies that are attached to it. Now, what happens if someone says, oh, I can't send this via sharing, but I'll just send it off on email? Well, the good news is we are launching today the ability to use DLP within Gmail to identify label-based policies. And so here, because the data has been labeled sensitive, you cannot send it out in Gmail. So this represents really a step change in our ability to provide end-to-end data protections for our customers. And here we're going to show you an example of the audit logs that show that an action such as sending sensitive content out via email was blocked in the audit logs. So this gives IT admins full visibility about what users might be doing and gives you that opportunity to train them. So all three of these pieces together really represent our ability to prevent, equip IT admins to significantly change the security posture of your company. I am thrilled to be bringing up here Allison. Not yet. Not yet? Okay. Me first, then Allison. Back to Rob. Am I going up right now? Cool. Thanks, Andy. So, a few more slides and then we can hear from Allison. I promise. So, I just want to briefly run through a few things about improving productivity. So, with Google, you can deploy enterprise browsing experience that's specifically curated to your organization and workforce. So, you've seen a couple of these already. But hundreds of these flexible policies and controls allow Chrome Enterprise to deliver that truly custom browsing experience to help your employees work more productively, securely, securely, and safely. Google Workspace, obviously, is all about web-first productivity with apps like Gmail, Google Docs, Drive, Slides, Sheets. All of these tools that millions of people use every day to create, to connect, and collaborate from anywhere. And lastly, with Chrome OS, we have devices that are built for the web that can support all of your apps. So, traditional virtualization solutions like VDI can be helpful here. But they are notorious for being expensive as well as difficult to use and manage. Our acquisition last year of a company called Cameo offers a new simplified solution to deliver legacy applications over the web in a way that feels intuitive and familiar to users. And Google AI is integrated into Workspace, Chrome Enterprise, and Chrome OS to help your employees work faster and smarter. By infusing it throughout our solutions, we make AI just as easy to adopt, safe to use, and easy to manage as other Google features. Gemini for Workspace offers a range of generative AI capabilities that can help your employees work more productively. Help Me Write allows users to generate and refine written content with just a few clicks. So, things like a reply in Gmail or a first draft in Docs or in Slides where a simple prompt from your employees can create a compelling visual in seconds. Gemini can also help your employees research complex topics or create summaries of long documents and meetings, helping them catch up quickly and streamline information processing. And in Meet, Gemini helps to enhance the quality of your video calls, automatically improving the lighting, the video, the sound quality, as well as allowing users to generate their own personalized backgrounds. And as AI continues to evolve, we are committed to ensuring it remains accessible, secure, easy to manage, and aligned with our principles for ethical and responsible development. So, one more quick customer testimonial here. We have been working with Randstad for a very long time now, the world's largest provider of HR services. Now, today, over 35,000 employees in more than 37 countries rely on Google Workspace, Chrome Enterprise, and Chrome OS. And instead of having to use both an older laptop device and a tablet to access different enterprise applications, all of their internal tools, including CRM, payroll, Workspace apps, they're all loaded onto a single Chrome OS device per user, boosting efficiency and productivity and allowing all of their staff to work flexibly from anywhere. It was quick to adopt and scale. And within 14 months of our engagement, Randstad had already deployed over 4,000 Chromebooks across their workforce, achieving cost savings of 50% compared to migrating to Windows 10. Very exciting. Okay. So, I'm just going to run through one last quick demo. So, I talked about Cameo. We're now just going to demo this very quickly here. For those of you who aren't familiar, the proposition behind Cameo is a web-based app virtualization platform which can turn any legacy Windows application into a web app. In short, exe in, URL out. And if you combine that with Chrome and Chrome OS and all of the security tooling we've talked about, we can deliver a seamless, secure experience for end users for any legacy Windows app. So, let's roll this video. Okay. So, those of you familiar with Chrome OS, we have a series of applications on the shelf. All of these are progressive web apps, which are basically websites which can contain powerful features. We're opening here Fusion 3D, which is a CAD modeling tool. This is running on a GPU-backed VM in the cloud, which allows us to offer high-performance, high-resolution graphics on a relatively lightweight device. Now, this is all very exciting. You can see performance here. We'll just slide the thing around a little bit. But I appreciate not everyone here uses CAD tools every day. So, we have also built a series of hooks into Chrome and Chrome OS to allow these Cameo-delivered applications to function like local apps while respecting things like DLP controls, security policies, and everything else. So, for example, we can go and export this product. There we go. Export this project. So, you see that it is now downloading to the local device. It's not stuck up in the Windows VM over there. So, yeah. There you go. Right. Now, another example of the intuitive workflows we've built here. Many users here of our second favorite productivity suite expect to be able to double-click on things. And with the power of the modern web, we can give file handling to any web application that's delivered this way. So, here we're just going to show an example of double-clicking on a text file and opening up in a legacy text editor that's running up in the cloud. So, what's actually happened here? We're spinning up a Windows instance. We're opening that application. We're creating a two-way link between the local file here and the one up in the cloud such that the user can use this application super intuitively. They could hit save. It would save down locally. It feels to the user like a local app. That's what we're aiming for here. So, you can see really with the help of Chrome, Workspace, Chrome OS, and Cameo, it's possible to create a secure, innovative workspace for your employees, no matter what apps you have today or where you're starting from. So, with that, we're done talking. I'd now like to welcome to the stage Alison Butler to talk about the modernization journey at TELUS. Cool. All right. Cool. So, thank you so much for joining us today, Alison. Before we get started, could you maybe just tell us a little bit more about yourself and your roles at TELUS? Yeah. Thanks for having me. My name is Alison Butler. I'm the director of team member experience. And my team is in charge of the digital workplace for the TELUS communications, TELUS health, and TELUS agriculture organization. And this is everything from our collaboration platforms to our productivity tools, support device, and as well as our virtual environments. And really, our goal and objective is always to ensure we're making our team members as productive as possible with the tools and the platforms that we support. And maybe just to give an intro to TELUS, so it sets some context of the conversation today. So, TELUS is a global technology company with around 130,000 team members worldwide. It was founded 35 years ago and originally provided traditional telecommunications services to Canadians, but has since diversified into various different sectors. So, we have TELUS Health, which aims to improve the global health and well-being through different digital solutions. We have TELUS Agriculture and Consumer Goods, which aims to transform the global food and supply chain through data insights and tools. And then TELUS Digital, which provides customer experience solutions and AI tools as well. TELUS has been working through a lot of different ways to improve the world. And that's really quite a wide range of businesses. And it's kind of amazing that one platform can really service so many industries. Yeah. That's great. So, TELUS, what specific aspects of your business have undergone the most significant transformation through the use of Workspace, Chrome, Chrome OS, and Cameo? Yeah. So, TELUS has been working with Google for a number of years, and we've been working through many different transformations. We've been building out that stack for about seven years now. And we start in kind of the core to the foundation is Google Workspace. And with 130,000 team members worldwide, collaboration becomes obviously a challenge. So, when we were thinking about what tool would best support this very distributed workforce, Google Workspace really made the most sense. It provided the seamless productivity and user experience we were looking for, the rapid pace of development, provided the innovation and creativity we were looking for, and then just the robust security that's built in was a significant differentiator for us. So, then the past about three to four years, we have been working towards further deploying Chrome OS. And similar to many other organizations, browser-based computing is really strategic for us. And getting to that browser-based computing is something that we've been really focusing on. So, the simplified management, the improved security really proved value. And we started with our call center and got through that transformation. And then more recently, we've been working towards our knowledge workers and different technicians so that we can see that TCO reduction and we can have that simplified way of working for our users. And then the most recent kind of body of work that's been focused this year that's been really significant for us is our transformation of our virtual environment. So, we have, like many organizations, the traditional virtual desktop environment that was end of life. And we have now been working with Chrome Enterprise Premium and Cameo and Chrome OS to move towards that zero-trust browser-based app streaming solution to really modernize the way that we enable work for our team members that are offshore, different contractors, different mergers and acquisitions, and really transform the way that they access the tools internally at TELUS. That really sounds like you've taken a journey over a series of many years. It started with Workspace, then it went to Chrome OS, and now it's kind of journeyed into Cameo. That's very impressive to see the journey. So, how has this transformation impacted your overall business strategy or your competitive advantage? Yeah. So, maybe I'll use the VDI use case in that body of work that we've been focusing on this year. When we were assessing the solution, it proved to be a significant cost differentiator compared to other solutions in the industry. And really, as I think a lot of people can relate to, there is an incremental amount of budget that we all are given each year. So, it's really important for us that as we want to work on different transformation initiatives, we're able to drive efficiency in those programs and reinvest into other areas of our team or the business to continue that evolution. So, that was a really big differentiator for us. The second is, with the same use case, using Chrome Enterprise Premium and Cameo, just the agility and productivity that it's driving. So, for us, it's easier and quicker to scale applications. We can onboard team members to the solution and they're able to access their tools in a more efficient and productive way. Which, you know, if you're a call center agent, this is, you can handle more calls. Every call is a cost. So, this is continued reinvestment. And then lastly, just, you know, it's not just call center team members that are using the solution. It's, you know, regular knowledge workers. And I think we all just want to be productive in our day-to-day. So, just the overall team member satisfaction by reducing that friction is really important for us. Thank you very much. So, what metrics do you use to measure the success? So, you've talked about deployments really across the board here. Like, how do you quantify that business transformation? Yeah. Well, I think, for example, last year, you know, there was a significant amount of thought into the process that we were evaluating different solutions. So, when we were comparing the Chrome Enterprise Premium to a Cameo solution against other providers in the industry, there was a very, very significant cost differentiator for the overall solution, which allows us to reinvest in other areas. You know, there was a significant CapEx refresh for the age infrastructure that we were able to avoid, which was also obviously very important. And then, where we're spending most of our time right now quantifying is the productivity savings that this is going to drive. So, we have a lot of different use cases that we're working with the lines of business from our call centers to technicians to the knowledge workers to see how much this solution is saving from a productivity perspective. So, right now, for example, when we're deploying and streaming these apps on Chrome OS, we're seeing three to four times faster login speeds. And that is, like, quantified by a dollar amount for the call center use case. Agents are able to take more calls. So, we're going and working across the business. We have around 20,000 team members that rely on this service, for example. So, we're kind of working through that now. But that's how we think about this overall in the way in which someone will be more productive in accessing the tools they need day to day. Three to four times faster. Yeah. And even compared to, we have side by sides between the current solution and the new Chrome Enterprise Cameo solution. That's three to four times. And even the solution compared to a Windows device versus a Chrome OS, the Chrome OS is still around a three times faster performance. Wow. Yeah. That's really impressive because a lot of people have this myth or perception that VDI can be kind of slow, maybe, like, not preferred. And it sounds like your team members are potentially getting a different experience. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's exactly our team members today that have been relying on the VDI service for a number of years have the same feedback. You know, you hear about latency and slowness. And this is one of the biggest changes that this program is going to drive. That's amazing. I mean, it sounds like not only is it an initial win just on, like, sort of hard cost savings, it's just going to make your internal customers so much happier. That's the goal. So much more productive. It's really quite astounding to hear the story. Yeah. Okay. So why did you choose Workspace, Chrome, Cameo, Chrome OS, or effectively the full Google stack as the technology stack for driving business transformation? Yeah. So, Telus is 35 years old. You can imagine the different types of legacy applications that we have to manage and work with. And even the Chrome OS, the Cameo, Chrome Enterprise Premium solution enables us to move to that browser-based frictionless computing without having to rely on application teams that have not modernized their applications yet. So we can continue to drive that change we want to drive in parallel to the other work that's being done across the organization. And that tool is definitely something that enables that for us. And just the deep integration across the Google stack, the more you build up the different products and services, it all works best together. And it's kind of a domino effect. So if we want to continue our strategy to roll out Chrome OS and the way in which different funding that can be unlocked through these initiatives can be reinvested into continuing that journey. So it's kind of like a circle. And that's really important to us. And then lastly is just the partnership with Google has been really great. We've been working with them, for example, on this VDI replacement solution for about a year now. In the past eight months, we have been very closely working on features that we've been developing in the partnership together that is what is enabling us to actually use the solution as a complete replacement. So then I think probably one of our last questions here. I'm curious, what advice would you give to this room, to other organizations looking to follow you on this business transformation journey? I'd say, I think, rethinking the way, like kind of challenging the status quo and rethinking the way that you or your organization is doing something just because you do it the way you're doing. And I think having the right people at the table for the decisions and the conversations you need to have for whether it's a change in the process, whether it's a different way to think about doing something, whether, you know, do we really need to do this? Is it really that important? Is there another tool that can do it? So I think that's probably one of the biggest learnings that we've had through this is, you know, there's definitely some hurdles to overcome. But if you have the right people at the table to brainstorm and think of an alternative way to accomplish what you want to accomplish, that's probably one of the biggest takeaways. And, you know, defining your success criteria and really being thoughtful in the change and the change management and the way in which you're kind of engaging with your business units and your partners to make sure they are also seeing the benefits and understand the why and the great things that this or what this solution brings. Okay. That's great. Love. I love hearing this story. And it just goes to show that if you're with careful planning and a good partner, some really amazing things can happen. That's great. Okay. Thanks for having me. Cool. Yeah. Thank you so much. Thank you, Alison. Thank you. Thank you. I just love hearing real-life customer stories because it really motivates our teams to equip you all with the best available technologies and approaches to allow innovation and to do it securely. Now, let me just wrap up with a few thoughts here on how you can, like, bring this to your organization. First, modern work is no longer contained to, like, client-based apps to the four walls of your office. Very much it's migrating to the web. If it hasn't started already, you've probably seen it, like, substantially move much of your workload to the web already. And this allows a lot of flexibility, a lot more control for your end users, and enables simplified management for your own teams. So with Google, you can unlock this across your entire stack and drive transformation within your enterprise. And each of our products can be advantage to your business, no matter how small you start. And we can grow with you across the breadth of your portfolio and scale your investment. The greatest impact that you have, really, that Alison told the story on today is how each piece comes together and builds on itself into a much stronger impact when we look at the end-to-end solution. So with the best of Google technology today, your organization can really confidently, confidently embrace the future of what we have to offer. So what I want to maybe leave you all with is an opportunity to get started at your own pace. And today, for free, you can start benefiting without investing a single dollar. And so here's a couple of options for you. We can recommend that you start with the browser deployments. No cost with what's called Chrome Enterprise Core. This allows you to ensure that your browsers are managed securely, especially the extensions and plug-ins. Then you can sign up for a free trial of Google Workspace. Then you can install Chrome OS Flex and use that on your existing Windows hardware. Once you've used just one of our products, you can really see the Google difference and start to make the decision within your organization of where you want to go next. Our solutions are designed to integrate seamlessly with themselves and across a number of third-party tools so that you can seamlessly start in one place and transition to others. And you can add layers to your overall solution and to your overall stack. We are not a solution that says you have to use it all at one time. You can take things at your own pace and as it fits your organization. So I encourage you to really take the opportunity to take this journey. We also have other great breakouts here that can go deeper into some of these topics. The first one is really exploring secure enterprise browsing with Chrome Enterprise. Next. The second is utilizing agents within your company. And the third is really going deeper on how Chrome and Workspace work together to provide you with the highest level of cyber threat prevention. So thanks for coming today. I think you've made a great choice by coming to this session. You've heard a great live story of how an organization has been innovative and secure. So we encourage you to enjoy the time and thank you for coming. I think some of us will be up here for questions and we'd love to engage with you one on one. Thanks so much. Thank you.