 Hi, I'm Ander, a product manager on the Flutter team. Today, I'm going to talk about enhancing the customer experience using Gemini 2.0, Flutter, and Firebase. Vertex AI and Firebase is part of the suite of Firebase products you can use individually or together. These products help you throughout your app's entire lifecycle, development, release, and user engagement. Firebase has earned the trust of millions of developers worldwide, helping them reach huge audiences across all kinds of industries and platforms. With Vertex AI and Firebase, we handle all the complicated backend stuff for you and give you a set of client SDKs that let you call the Gemini API directly from your app using languages like Dart, Kotlin, Swift, and JavaScript. With only three lines of codes, yes, only three, you can instantiate a Gemini model. In this case, Gemini 2.0, Flash. In this code, I run inference and generate content from the prompt, which is write a story about a magic backpack. The last step is to get the response and process it. And that's it. As you can see, the experience is pretty straightforward. By providing extremely simple and intuitive developer experience, we aspire to be the go-to solution for application developers seeking a seamless and efficient way to leverage Google's cutting-edge AI models within their apps. It's generally available today and ready to be used on production apps. And thousands of apps are already using it. With Vertex AI and Firebase, we can achieve a lot with a combination of prompting, system instructions, JSON outputs, and function calling. Trying different configurations of these features and parameters can result in more reliable or suitable output for your use case. There's no need to deal with service layers, REST APIs, or to deploy anything. Just simple direct calls from your app to the Gemini API. One of the newest features we added recently is a live API. It is an interface designed for real-time, continuous interaction with the Gemini model using audio and video streams. Instead of sending a complete file and waiting for the response, the application establishes a connection with the Gemini API. And it continuously sends small chunks of audio or video data over its connection. And then Gemini processes these incoming chunks incrementally, understanding the context as it unfolds. Simultaneously, Gemini sends back chunks of generated audio and text, or responses based on real-time understanding of the input stream. In essence, these bi-directional streaming APIs unlock use cases requiring immediate analysis and response to unfolding audiovisual events. Imagine live translation making global conversations seamless, or picture getting immediate audio guidance on a complex task based on a live video stream from your camera. This ability to analyze and respond to unfolding audiovisual events transforms AI from a tool into an active participant. If you haven't already, start building today. Vertix AI and Firebase has been production-ready since October 2024. Check out the docs and samples. All the topics I just mentioned and more are available in our public documentation and samples, with even more detail and nuance. Share your feedback with us as well. Your input is crucial. Please let us know how we can improve the product. I am looking forward to seeing what you build with Vertix AI and Firebase. Plus Fence... More inhalation. conversational qukommen from the accelerator Argentinies number introductions. The Correctness... World In mrgDR9 interface. Hopefully you would be short of your response. More inhalation in the date on Facebook, while you were in the snakes, time for coast first in the morning cabin design, reliabilitynad晚上. Like this is a global NHL is a great partnership. Subinent Players in the time perfectly into your episode, because of failure to unpredictably the investment across a hard time. You knowści-できる corridors doit każmt has been a big part of finance, through date on society takes place. This is my place to enjoy your input for its choice. I am looking forward to Facebook and your views are basically as shown here on Facebook as well-free. phone as well as a toolk volatile.