 I am Carrie Tharp and I lead global industries and solutions and what that means is taking all the magic that you guys saw this morning in the keynote and applying it to real life business problems and making sure you guys are able to get to business outcome as quickly as possible. So now as we think about this topic everybody's been talking about AI for a couple of years now and there's been lots of energy and excitement many of you have been doing quite a bit of work inside your own organizations but as that is happening consumer dynamics continue to change. So whether that is customers in retail patients customers at banking institutions the world is changing. So consumers are going through many more touch points to get to transactions. So whether that is buying an amazing home good at Wayfair or it is getting a new financial service with their bank. Just a couple of years ago we saw from a Google perspective six touch points in that journey and now it is ten. We also see search prompts getting significantly longer from a Google perspective. Across all of those different interactions we see that consumers two out of three will delay or avoid decisions when they have too much information. And so that creates a lot of opportunity in every industry to kind of break through the noise and ensure that you're engaging with that end user customer patient effectively. And when you do instill confidence in your consumer then they are very confident in referring your brand or your company to others. So with all of that opportunity sitting out there what is getting in the way. I think each of you in the industries that you are in knows that you have both friction in your consumer experiences but also in how your teams get work done. So I think we've all sat many a session with our own teams kind of lamenting siloed processes siloed data and wishing we could bring those things together to get to value. And so what you heard this morning is this theme of agentic AI. So we've been talking about AI for a while and the value of predictive AI getting to individual use cases. But without agency and the ability to act you won't be able to get to all of the value for your enterprise. So today we're going to talk a little bit about this journey. We started a couple years ago having these conversations about single threaded use cases. So now many of you are still in this process and you have endless value. I think I've talked to many customers that have 50, 100, 300, 500 use cases in their spreadsheets to go get value. And sometimes that can be an issue of prioritization. How do you tranche and cluster those use cases to get the most value for your enterprise? Many of our customers now have advanced to what you were hearing about this morning, the value of agents. So creative agents, customer interaction agents. So starting to put together multiple steps, still kind of in a single focus area to achieve more value. And now the next frontier for us is multi-agent systems. So truly getting to agentic workflow across teams, across data sources. And with that comes a lot of questions. In fact, several of the folks on the stage were asking me questions over the last year plus of how do I think about agent frameworks and interaction? How do I make sure I'm not building things that can't interact with protocols of the future and my core ERP, for example? So today we're going to talk about this journey. This is a build that you should be on within your organization. And each one of you sits in that position to be effectively the agentic hero inside of each of your industries. Now McKinsey has done a study that the way to get to value is working through the workflow and redesigning workflows. So when you're on those single-threaded use cases, you might be changing an experience online. You might be getting more conversion. You might be changing a process that has value. But really thinking about that whole end-to-end process becomes critically important. Although that is the number one way to get to value, only 21% of organizations have actually gotten to the point where they're starting to evolve their workflows themselves. So now you not only have the challenge of thinking about the technology itself, but how you work through change management and processes with your organization. This morning, if you were able to join us for the keynote, you heard us announce quite a few things that are here to help you in this journey. So first off, if you're developing, we thought through these key questions on things like our agent-to-agent protocol to ensure you're able to build multi-agent systems interacting with lots of different software and other agents built elsewhere. The agent developer kit to make it simpler to build. Agent Garden giving you access to all of the agents that may be built across the ecosystem. So things that are already existing in your software stack at your company. And then agent space. This is the really exciting part to me. So we have had lots of conversation about how your technical teams are building out AI and agents for the company. But that still created kind of a barrier to entry across the rest of your organization. So now unlocking the power of AI and agents for your everyday employees. So now a marketer, a merchant, a banker, a doctor, a nurse can access the same type of capabilities and not necessarily wait on IT or your data team to build everything for them. Our goal from a Google perspective is to make all of this simple. So I think one of the big conversations we have each year is this can be overwhelming. There's an endless list of different models you can be using. And if that felt complex, you're now going to have thousands of agents sitting in front of you. So everything we're building, we're thinking about how do we create a very simple interaction both for developers and everyday employees to unlock the power of agents and AI in your business. So with that, we're going to jump right in. I'm excited and thrilled to have this panel with us that are deep in their AI journeys and working with many other companies across the world. First, we have Fiona Tan, who is the CTO of Wayfair. We have a great partner, Nalima Sharma, who is the SVP of Omnichannel and Ecommerce at Lowe's. And Jill Kramer, the Chief Marketing and Communications Officer at Accenture. So I'd love to start with each of you just sharing a little bit about your background and where you're at in the AI journey. Jill, start down here. Okay. Well, first of all, thank you for having us today. It's a great conversation. I am the least technical person on this stage and probably in this room. But I'm very proud to say that we're very far on our AI journey. And it really comes from some of the points you just mentioned. It starts really with the willingness to just say this technology can change the way we do everything. And if we think a little less about the technology and a little bit more about what's the way we wish we could work, because right now a lot of those wishes can be granted. And so how do you say give yourselves the freedom to say what if you could work in an entirely new way and then point the technology at that vision? And that's what we've been trying to do. I think for many of you, no matter what industry you're in, marketing is highly affected and has a lot of opportunity with AI, Gen AI, and agentic workflows. And so we just decided we're going to go all in. And that's what we've been doing. And then, of course, because we work with so many companies across so many industries, that experience, not only in my function, but across the company, it helps us really share our own lived experience with the clients we work with. So, yeah, so, you know, so at Lowe's, we are actually on that journey as well, right? So being a home improvement retailer, we've been on our technology transformation journey for a while. And our focus all along has been modernizing the customer-facing technology, then modernizing our selling technologies, and then finally modernizing our technologies that allow us to function. We've taken the same framework when it comes to that technology transformation and using that for AI transformation. So we say how we buy, how we sell, and then how we shop, how we sell, and how we work, right? So we've taken these three high-level strategic constructs, and then we've sort of looked at how might we leverage AI to improve the shopping experience? How might we, you know, improve the selling experience? And finally, our own operations within the company. And so that's the high-level sort of pillars that we've used. And then we've come up with use cases within each one of those pillars to really figure out how might we be able to use AI throughout. We've been using classic AI for a while. Now with generative AI, we are actually going use case by use case. So that's kind of the journey that we've been on. Yeah. Yeah. It's lovely to hear that. I think we have a very similar journey. So, you know, Wayfair being in a home space, similarly, you know, shopping for something on home digitally, right? It's probably one of the hottest categories. If you think about it, it's a very emotional, very style-based category. And on top of that, you don't have brands, right? So it's hard to sort of describe what you want, even know what you want. And so it's been, so generally speaking, I mean, AI has been very much part of our journey for quite some time. And, you know, starting from, like, marketing attribution, right? Because we're just being completely digital company. That was a big aspect of our journey as a company. And if you look at, you know, very similar to you, look at the generative AI applications that were the capabilities that came about in the last few years. It was also looking at, you know, where in our customer experience might we be able to leverage that and sort of take it to the next level. I think certainly, you know, you think about all the, you know, with marketing especially, right, all the personalization capabilities, the content generation, not being able to sort of personalize that scale. How do you do that? How do you use, like, image, text-to-image generation to be able to help inspire our customers? So we've definitely done a lot along those lines, you know, customer-facing, supplier-facing, as well as internal-facing. I think as we talk about the agentic capabilities that are now becoming more, you know, to fruition as the models get more reasoning capabilities as we're able to take actions, you know, I think that's been also the area that we're really focused on in terms of, like, you know, where are the use cases where we have these workflows, right, that we can start automating. And I think that will be the – we're working on some of them already, customer service, some of the internal processing probably are the areas that we are starting with. And sort of really excited about some of the capabilities that we just heard about today and looking forward to leveraging that, making it a little bit easier for us, hopefully, moving forwards. Yes. Many new things to put to work today. Some great demos. So, Nalima, maybe talk to us a little bit about AI agents to personalize and enhance those customer interactions. Yeah, absolutely. And, you know, and Fiona also said that home is a very passionate area. It's very personalized. We all have our own styles. So, for us, you know, it's really – I mean, being a total home or a home improvement retailer, it's very important to us, whether our customers are homeowners or pros. It's very important what are they in the market for. Are they buying a lawnmower or are they trying to actually redo their flooring? Very different buying experiences, very different considerations. Which locale do they belong to? And ultimately, which – what is their home? What are they solving for? So, you know, our mission statement our CEO unveiled last fall, our new mission statement. It's very simple. It's solving problems and fulfilling dreams for the home. That's our mission statement. And so, if you think from an agentic architecture and personalization, if you think about it, you know, we have been on a personalization journey for a while. Who's buying? What are they buying? Where are they buying for? And for what are they buying? Ultimately, we're trying to personalize that journey. And it's very different based on who you are and what you're looking to do. From an agentic standpoint, what we are deciding, you know, from a product standpoint, we have always focused on jobs to be done. Taking a problem and solving it for the user. In this case, the customer, ultimately the associate. So, the same thing is what we envision an agent could do. Take the jobs to be done framework. Take that personalization factors. And then actually create a workflow and a solution flow in a way with autonomy to get to that solution really quickly for that customer, most relevant, most personalized for them. Gone are the days where a thousand search results were in fashion. Now I want to get to the two or three options that are in front of me, which are just built for me and I want to make the selection today. And I think that's what we're trying to do. Create personalization. Create relevance. Create autonomy in a way so that, you know, the customer can get to or anyone can get to solving that problem really quickly. I love the concept of jobs to be done because I think that applies across every industry and every function that we have. So, you kind of start with that journey in mind. So, let's switch gears a little bit. We talked consumer behavior, but let's talk a little bit about what are the kind of functions that each of you think are ripe for agentic AI that maybe you're thinking about in your organizations now. Jill? Yeah, I think really all of them. And that's part of the beauty of this technology. It's so ubiquitous. It applies across the entire enterprise workflow. And to your earlier point, it has to start with what are we trying to accomplish? So, if you, you know, use the example that you were just going through. And I was talking to another group of marketers this morning around content creation. It's not that we haven't wanted to personalize content for years. And we have with a certain minimal set of variables. And we've been super proud of the fact that we could do that. Now, you can do that to the nth degree. And it is cost effective. And that's the change of the game. But then the data that comes back carries all the way through to the shopping experience. Eventually to the service experience. And then the long-term loyalty experience. So, all of those dots you wished you could connect. But think about that for HR. Think about that for the way your financial function runs. Think about that for operations. It's all the principles that flow through are very consistent. How does the work get done? Where's the points of low value and friction that should be removed from the workflow? How do you automate and agentify certain steps? And then you unleash that productivity for that function. And then the whole enterprise changes. And I think the other piece of that is the use cases that you go in with are this big compared to the use cases you will get back. Because when you start using them, the ideas, obviously I'm speaking about marketing in this particular case. But the ideas that come back are ten times the ones you went in with. And they are self-perpetuating. And I think marketing is a great example that spans across all industries. Where you look at kind of historical ways of operating. So, you might be running a digital campaign. In the past, you might not be looking at those results hourly, daily, weekly. This is acute in retail, but lots of other industries. You're hitting your caps. This is a perfect example for a gentick flow. So, having kind of your data analyst looking at what's happening in your Google campaigns or meta or whatever it might be. And then being able to take action. You don't have to wait for a person to think about it, rethink about the budget. But actually deciding a product is trending or a promotion is affecting what's happening in your business or whatever it might be. And having the agents either take action on that directly or prompt your own team internally to say, hey, there's something happening here that you're going to lose out on revenue. Or potentially kind of have some market share issues. So, that's one where you can be a hero to one of the functions inside your own team. Who has learned to live within the manual processes that they've had for decades in digital marketing. So, great. So, other thoughts from the Wayfair side? Yeah, no, I think a lot of it resonates. You know, I think the initial comment you had made about, like, you know, gone are the days where you have a thousand search results that you have to go through. And I think that's where you can apply a lot of the personalization and the understanding of the customer. And, again, every, I think that's the beauty, too, about the, just even beyond the, before the agentic capability, just the LLM understanding of every interaction that you, that the user makes. Now, you can actually derive intent and information about. And so, how can you do that to help, you know, we've kind of coined the term. How do I get this, how do I shrink the catalog for you, right? So, you want to make sure that when you go to Wayfair, whatever you're looking for. If you're looking for a pink polka dotted bar stool, you know, we have it. We actually do. I did check. But you want to be able to have something that's, like, really, the results should be tailored for you. And that's the promise, I think, of the capabilities that we have now. It's, like, being able to be very proactive. Being able to have interaction enough that we can form, you know, essentially inform ourselves about what is pertinent. And then give you a result set that really resonates, right? And so, when you think efficiencies, what are the key areas when you look at your business that you think agentic is going to help drive efficiency? Yeah. I think the ones where, you know, you have complex workflows that, you know, sort of large, you know, SOPs, right? Operating procedures that people need to follow, et cetera, right? I think those are the areas that are both, you know, again, with the capabilities that exist now, more reasoning capabilities, being able to take actions, et cetera. You know, you can start looking at, you know, making, agentifying those. And I think that's the first step, which is just saying, hey, look, I've got these SOPs that are already defined. You know, the first thing is, like, you could have it follow it, right? But then the thing about that, that's a good first step. And if you're in a compliance organization, maybe there are certain steps that you do need to follow. But then I think that's where you can continue to optimize, right? Because you could say, all right, this is how a human would do it. You're an agent. Actually, redefine this SOP in a way that's more agent-friendly, right? And then you can even take it further and just go, hey, actually, for these particular things, I want to just define guardrails and then actually give leeway, quote-unquote, right, to the agents to be able to do some of the reasoning and actually take actions. And as long as, again, you have good measurable outcomes that you want to get to, you can, you know, you can take that approach, too. So I think it allows you to sort of experiment. And depending on your use case, you could go, you know, one, two, or three, right? Yep, absolutely. So now, Jill, you work across thousands of customers in the world across every industry. You've touched on marketing. We've talked a little bit of different processes. Other big core processes you're seeing companies work through now for a genetic workflow? Yeah, I think that what we always look at, it's funny, I think I was listening to your, I think it was shop, sell, work. We talk about work, workforce, workbench, because you think about what's the work that has to be done? What's the work that has to be done in every enterprise? And then what's the workforce doing to make that happen? And then what are the tools they use? Like, I was listening again to the stories you've been telling. I mean, your brand stands for simplicity and for how do you make all of those things connect? So when you look at the work, it's a deep understanding. I call it like going to therapy. I mean, a lot of us take the same steps in our job every day. And we're like, why do I do that step? I've been doing that for years. Nobody gets any value from it. So you have to deeply look at the work. Digital twin it out with different scenarios. What steps can you live without? Then you look at the workforce. How are they going to get that work done? How are they going to do it in completely new ways? And someone mentioned change management. How are you going to take them with you? Because one of the things about AI and especially agents, if they're not trusting them and using them, that agent won't learn and their value won't increase. So that's a... And then the last one is the workbench, which is what you've been talking about a lot here. I was privileged enough to listen to some of the conversations yesterday and then again in the keynote this morning. It's about is everything in a simple and intuitive, easy-to-use format? Are they interoperable? Can I bring together all the partners and systems I need to work with? Or do I need to tell my people to go to 10 different places and do it a little differently each time? So we think about it across. And that there's also an agility built into those new workflows and those new workbenches, which I think we all know in this world right now, we have to be very agile. So whether that's because you're marketing things and you need to be of the moment or because you're industry and therefore your company is pivoting because something's going on in the world, all of those, when you have covered those three categories, that resiliency and that agility really increases. You know, I think simplification, Jill, that is so important. I think agentic commerce, agentic way of working, I think it's going to simplify operations. You know, you talked a lot about customer personalization. You were talking about marketing. This is what I would say how we work. Let me also say about how we sell. So, you know, home improvement. If you go to our stores, the kind of different categories we're selling, whether it's the plumbing aisle or you're going to the electrical aisle or you're going to the flooring aisle, and the amount of expertise and the trades expertise that is required. So I'll just talk about a real-life problem that we have. We have amazing associates, amazing Red Vest associates out there. But the amount of expertise and the training that they have to go through, because the types of questions that are coming in as customers are walking into our store, they're asking, hey, I've got a drywall problem or, you know, my faucet is leaking. What do I do about that? For our associates to be the super associates that we want them to be, we actually see a plumbing agent or, you know, a companion. And the way I'm thinking about the world is agentic companions that we could actually unleash and give to our associates and make every associate a super associate in front of the customer and who is able to solve their problems without having to worry too much about that, hey, I didn't train in the plumbing area, so I can't be put over there or so on and so forth. So, you know, workforce management will become so much easier for us where we don't have to have super specialists only to be able to solve customer problems. We can actually have good home improvement, customer-centric associates who have the power of an agent companion with them and actually be able to solve the problems as well. So we are thinking about it in those three broad-based categories. And that will allow, you know, and so with that and then simplification of their operations to be able to figure out that, hey, how might we simplify our operations? How might we be able to make decision-making more democratized, more autonomous? I think the opportunities could be amazing. And that's one of the themes that we see across industries. So as Sundar said this morning, our goal is still to organize the world's information and make it accessible. I think when you think of every industry, there's still fundamentally an information access challenge. So whether it's not you understand everything in the Lowe's store, we see it with American Cancer Society. We've done work with them on their search page of after you've received a diagnosis, how you go get all the information to understand the different treatment protocols. Inside of banking, same thing. It's difficult for a retail banker to understand all the financial services at a bank and be an expert. So how do you supercharge or create companions that enable all of your associates, regardless of industry, to be like the best associate or the best nurse or the best doctor that has had the 30 years of experience? So that is something where these agents and the power of things like agent space come together to say you don't need the 25 years of practice to be kind of the best version of your brand and your company put in front of those patients, customers, consumers. So that is all great stuff. Let's talk a little bit about competitive advantage. So Fiona, tell me about how you think about AI adoption and how that can create competitive advantage. Yeah, no, I think certainly, you know, as you heard from today and even the last couple of years, right, the pace of innovation is so great. I do think that you have to be out there, you know, paving the way, trying out things and also looking at the right use cases, right? So again, you don't want to necessarily just use AI for AI's sake, right? Look at the use cases where there's good ROI and fit the patterns. And I think that's one of the things that's been helpful and I think probably for your team as well is just having had experience with AI. I think just the classic AI, traditional AI, whatever we're calling it nowadays, right? But just having that ability to pick out use cases that have promise and value and then going and trying it out. And it is one of those things, too, where you have to be okay about the fact that, hey, look, you try something that doesn't work. And it used to be you would say, hey, come back in like 18 months. Now it's like come back in two weeks, try it again. And then it's also one of those things where, you know, for example, one of the things we did was last year, you know, we built out a lot of capabilities that were sort of at the cutting edge at that time. But a year after, there are now some capabilities that are foundational now in the models, right? So being also able to be nimble and okay about adopting and potentially leaving behind something that you built because the pace of innovation, like I said, is so fast. And so you want to always be, you know, I think agile but open-minded and being kind of pragmatic about what you pick. And also maybe not being too precious about any particular model or any particular way of doing things because it is moving so fast. I just feel like, you know, we don't know. I don't know. I don't know what's ahead. No, I think I completely agree with you. I mean, if you think about it, you know, I feel like we are in this inflection point in our lives where the pace of innovation, you know, the last time it happened was when Internet was discovered, born, invented. And now I feel like this is 10x, 100x over that event, which actually changed our thinking and our societies and how the world evolved. I think we are at that point. Just three years ago when the first, you know, ChatGPT app was launched to where we are today. And every year the conversations are changing and evolving at a whole different level. I can't even sit here and imagine what kind of conversation we might be having just two or three years from now, right? Because the pace of innovation is so fast. So to that end, what Jill just said, which resonated with me as well, was, you know, I think it gives us the permission to dream of a technology-enabled world, which would not have been possible just three or four years ago because the amount of effort it would have taken for us to be able to automate or bring some, you know, something to life. I mean, just think about the content that's getting generated, images and videos and so on and so forth, and how tedious and how expensive and how arduous it would have been. So just like Internet democratized information, I think generative AI and agents are going to democratize expertise. And I think we are at that inflection point. Really great point. And just to add to that, it's so different from a technology standpoint. I started off by saying I'm the least technologically technology person in the room. But also, I was the first to say I want to get my hands on it. It's very different than other things where it would be the technology team who was explaining to me what was being done, and now here's the new tool you're going to be used. This is one that we all have to use, and you have to use right now. And marketing, I think, is very interesting in this space because a lot of people, when Jenny, I was coming into marketing, it was like, oh, now, you know, a lot of people like to tell marketing how to do their job. And then you come back and you say, great, now they're going to think any, you know, the bot can do the job instead of me. And so many CMOs would say to me, do we really have to do this? Yes. Because it's moving so fast. And the fears are already getting to be behind you that if you have not been on this journey, the speed at which you get left behind is exponential. And the only way to do it at every level is to actually know the technology. Really use it. Because it will give you ideas of how to, to your point, like dream those bigger dreams. So it's very different in terms of proximity, I think, that every role in the company needs to have to the technology to understand it and unleash it. Yes. And I would say marketing is an opinion rich. Probably everybody in this room has given their marketers opinions. But I think it's a really excellent call out. And each of you has probably operated as an ambassador for AI into your organizations. And I think now you'll need to be an ambassador for agentic AI. It is one of those getting the comfort of taking the hands off the steering wheel. What we saw in AI early on, for example, in healthcare, we were working with a hospital that they were using Gemini to do kind of nurse handoff. And we actually found that it was spitting out what they believed were incorrect results in the handoff. And when we actually double-clicked and went through it, it turned out Gemini was recognizing patterns that the caregivers had yet to see. And so, but when you came at it from an angle of I'm checking for what's wrong, it actually didn't have the aperture open to it's actually getting us to a fundamentally different level. We also had some retailers early on use some of the catalog enrichment capabilities. And they realized they had hit a threshold of they were looking for perfection and the models were overachieving their humans. And so having to step back as a team and say this result is actually faster, better, cheaper than what we were doing before and achieving a better outcome. So kind of helping your organizations understand. I think probably the first time you hit the button and run something through some agents, I think merchants and retail, nurses, et cetera, they're all going to want to check the work. And so how do you as a leader in that process help them understand how do you check, how do you measure, how do you understand? So then they get to hitting the button faster. But I think, Carrie, you bring up such a great point that today we measure the success based on our personal abilities, right? And if it doesn't measure up to what we think we could do, you know, and that's how it's right or wrong, how do we become open-minded? How do we actually embrace a growth mindset that perhaps there is another or a different way of doing things? And be able to evaluate what, you know, these agents and this AI is telling us before we actually, you know, say whether it's right or wrong. I love that point. I was recently with a group of our team in Ireland, and I was saying, okay, because we're using, we've got a thousand marketers using agents right now. And it's like, where are your pain points? Well, this data agent's really frustrating me. It keeps saying, I know this event did better than that. And it was like that bias must be, well, the data is wrong and therefore the agent is wrong. And it's like, actually, it's not. And so what if you said, I don't have to do this event anymore? What would I do instead? That's a beautiful question, especially if you're a curious, creative human being. Like, I could now think of a different way to spend this time, this talent, this money. But you have to have a very different posture to the questions you ask and the answers you might get back. And it doesn't mean, you know, binary success or failure. It means it's giving you information about what could be next. So it's not just AIs that have biases. We have biases and we have to get past that. That's right. It's just not that AI needs to have guardrails. We need to have guardrails so that we are also able to, you know, experience our own potential. So, yeah, I think it's a societal inflection point in our thinking as well. But I think that's going to be an excellent call out. So as you heard about data agents and deep research agents and all of these agents that you will have, it does break down some of those biases of different groups because you are, we've also, like marketers, have talked about personalization for years. All of you have talked about democratizing access to your data. And we didn't always really mean that. We still meant kind of controlled dashboards and making sure people understood the way we drew the line was the correct way to draw the line. And when you think of a lot of these agents out there, your version of the line will not be the only line in your organization. And so how do you work through understanding where is there a new understanding of the data or there is bias involved or there actually is some kind of error in the data and something is wrong. So that's one of those things that organizations have the potential to spin if you're not really proactively thinking your process as well as kind of all the tools. And that's where the change management really comes in. And there's patience with that. And you build it and you create the safe space of recognizing what those new mindsets are. So have you guys seen best practices from an Accenture standpoint of kind of helping organizations get through the innovation curve, if you will? Yeah, I think a couple of things that everybody up here has been talking about. It starts with the value. Like what's your business case? I think this is so enticing that people start with the technology, which is why you get all the POCs. But if you're not starting those POCs with a full business case that you can see it at scale, it's like what's the point? So I think starting with that value case, then really deeply understanding the technology you need to make that have happen. Like you might not be all the way there on your cloud modernization or migrations or your data work. Where is all of that? So, you know, really understanding the value, really understanding the digital core that you've built to enable that value. Then there's the people, right? I made this mistake in our first year. Like I went change management light as opposed to, nope, this is the core of everything because this technology will not work if people are not using it. And then, you know, probably the last one is that responsibility piece that is connected to everything mentioned that it has to be built in. It has to be something that you can be completely confident in so that, again, it drives the use and it drives the trust. So making sure you're working through that, being able to articulate that. And I think one of the other things is it's efficiency to what end? It's not always cost savings. A lot of times it's reinvestment and growth. In our particular marketing example, we've stood up three new subfunctions. Like you said, everyone has an opinion on marketing. Everybody also wants more marketing. It's very rare that they say, I don't need anything right now. So what we want to do is create the capacity to do more work. And I was just talking to my team earlier. Like the goal is not to do less work. It's to do less steps in every project so we can do more work, which drives more growth. So really being able to understand how to articulate the vision is key. So let's talk a little bit about the challenges of integrating AI agents. So let's start with Fiona. Where do you see those key challenges? You were already thinking through standard operating procedures and things like that. Yeah, no, I think there's definitely the part around, again, I think you will need to change some of the workflows, right? Because for it to be sort of optimized for agents to do versus humans, right? So the thing that a lot of our operating procedures would have internal tools, et cetera, that we don't have, say, connectors to yet, right? So how do you do that? So there's some integration capabilities that are not quite there yet. So it's like really around how do you evolve potentially the workflows to take those things into account? And how do you allow also, you know, where you might translate, say, three or four human steps to, you know, one or two agentic steps, right? How do you do that? And do that at scale, I think will be some of the challenges that we're going through. I mean, some of it's good to hear that a lot of the connectors are being built at scale, right? So that's great for all the sort of external systems. And then it's like for us, how do we translate some of our internal tooling to also be able to be, you know, agentified or being able to be called by, right? And really, if you look at it, then you have the full power of what the agents can do. But those are some of the things that we're working through. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I would just say that I completely agree with you. I think simplification of the processes, the operating model is going to be very important. Clarity on decision making and roles and responsibilities will be very important because ultimately agents are not going to have water cooler conversations to be able to come to a decision. There needs to be clarity on how the decisioning will take place. But I would also say that while all that should happen, but at the same time, I think we should get going. Because agents will get better over time. Sometimes, you know, if we are waiting for everything to fall in place and the perfection from people, process, technology, the simplification, and now everything is ready for us to get into the agentic era, I think that we're going to be behind. So I think it's important for agents. We need to get into that, learn from it. Agents will get better. We will get better. And I think we'll continue to go on that progress. So I think the time is now and, you know, some pre-work should be done, but get started. I like the part. I think, yeah, agents will get better, but we'll get better at using them. Yes. It's a really important point. And so a double click of that is measurement. So we've been talking about the measurement of AI for quite some time. So anybody want to jump in with some comments on measuring agentic workflow? We've just added complexity to the mix. I think philosophically, one of the things we talk about a lot at Accenture is if you look at the workflow and you say the as is and compare it to the 2B, if there's not a massive difference between the two, you're not, you haven't really examined the workflow enough. Because it's not technology of incrementalism, you know, it's really the ability to completely reimagine. So I think that's one of the things to put on the table. When we did some of ours, we were looking to go from 135 steps in a campaign that it might take to get there down to less than 80. Like that's a big change. That should get you to market 30 to 50 percent faster. That should allow you to do some of that reinvestment and take entire teams of people and put them to a new function. So really looking at the as is and the 2B and saying, did I create enough of a delta between the two? And then can I say, okay, did the agents fulfill that change delta? Did they create that gap? Yeah. I think that's a really good point. And, you know, one of the things I was just also going to say that, you know, how we talked about jobs to be done, the product management mindset, is the product performing? What are the outcomes and key results? When we implement the same problem, leveraging an agent, it ultimately the measurement comes down to are we achieving the outcomes and are the key results there? And are they better than when we were doing this before? So I think I think just using the good old product management practices and the OKR mindset, I think will allow us to be able to get into measurement philosophy for agents as well. Yeah, I think that's exactly right. I mean, the agent should be performing. And so the outcomes that we use to measure for sort of maybe deterministic systems or human processes, we should be able to use the same ones. And I think maybe you want to make sure that you actually have those defined because then at least you know how to measure. You have a scorecard that you can have for your agent. And so that way it's easier to do all the A-B testing versus if it's a brand new area where you don't know what it's going to be yet, you know, then it's hard to judge or be able to tell if the agent's doing well or not. One of the things we did too is, you know, we gave a human sponsor to each of the agents to be able to say those agents have to learn, to your point. They're going to get better over time. So is your agent learning? They're also, that's good because they could identify any gaps. Is there a data gap? Is there a prompting problem? Like where can we understand? So being able to treat that like you would a new cohort of employees or interns, like they're going to start at a certain level and they're going to get to a level. But is someone caring for that and making sure they get there? I love that. I mean, just like we're talking about that, you know, agent can be a human companion. Should a human be an agent's companion? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And where, as we talked about this morning, one, both our models being able to reason, so they're thinking about their answers before they're responding. But we're also working with customers using Gemini as a controlling agent, which can also measure itself and then have a human look at it and understand and look at that data as well. So really being thoughtful about the different workflows that you're thinking of using agentic and kind of thinking of all those different human and tool-based ways to take a look at it. So we're coming to the end. And I'd love for each of you just to share kind of your parting insight for the leaders in the room as they're kind of amplifying their journey in agentic AI. So key things to think about. Am I stopping? Okay. You can go. Yeah. I think we talked about a lot of things already. I think a lot of it applies. I would say, you know, as you are scaling it to where maybe a lot of things make sense from an agentic capability standpoint, I would say, you know, for those of you who have also CFOs that are worried about costs, et cetera, right, I think also kind of leaning and figuring out, hey, look, which models for which use cases, what can you do that is sort of in the background running at night or whatever, what needs to really be in real time, you know, when do you really need latency, et cetera. I think those are all things that, you know, are worth also considering so that it sort of helps with your ROI, right? If you, without that, potentially, you know, the cost of running an agent, if you let it run amok, right, could be really high and then you could be losing out on sort of the promise of what it can do. So I would say, you know, just from a practical perspective, I would look into that as well. I think that's a really good point. You know, I would just say the same thing, that I think we are at that inflection point. I think we need to sort of go in with eyes wide open, growth mindset. There are things we don't know yet, but I think the more we go into it, the more we'll learn. And I think the only way for us to make progress is to actually, you know, get started. And then, you know, lastly, I'll just say one more thing is that don't, you know, unleash your dreams. I mean, I think we are at that point in our lives right now that technology can actually do way more things that we probably did not give ourselves permission to imagine before. So I think this is a time for us to unleash at the same time, be courageous and go into this world that is ahead of us, which is going to be likely very different. Some of it we understand. Some of it we don't. But I think let's step forward. Yeah. And I would just say the speed at which this is moving is incredible. Think about Google Next last year and how fast everything seemed then to the strides that have been made to this year. The biggest thing I would add on to what's already been said is a lesson I've learned is leaders do need to lead very differently with this technology at this time. So really take a look. I just saw a report come out this morning around executives are less happy with their leadership teams. And I think that's because there's so much expected. One of the things I've learned is being a great leader and leading through great change are not exactly the same. So be kind to the leaders who you are going to need to make this happen and equip them with the skills and the confidence to move this forward. Then you can dream big. You can be bold. But realize it's not a single person's journey. You need a team around you who can do this and make sure they're well set up for success. Great. So just to recap, there are many ways to be driving value with Agentix. So first, I think, as Nalima just said, it takes a lot of courage. So we're about to move a lot of people's cheese. Every function, every industry, it's very uncomfortable. You're going to have those early adopters, but you're also going to have the resistors. So thinking about how you're reshaping the future of all work in the end, I see a much more joyous interaction across many functions in every industry. But it's hard work to get there. There's lots of change coming in customer experience. So you saw those demos this morning, all these customer agents, multimodal interaction, all of the frustrated kind of interactions you had across industries in the past. A lot of that, there's opportunity to get people's service information much more quickly. Search-driven flows. So you heard a little bit in the keynote, a lot of problems are still at getting access to information, getting the right information in a customer services associate's hand, getting the right information in a nurse's hand at the right moment. So also thinking on a really kind of straight-line way to still use the value of search and enterprise. And then lots of industry-specific. So everything, if you think through the tariffs happening now and your supply chain team just prompting in, where are all the goods on the water? There's lots of things that can very specifically drive value inside your value chain. So we look forward to continuing this conversation with you over the next couple of days at Next. And thank you for joining our session. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.