 How many in the room are using Security Command Center today? All right. Love to see that. Lots of good hands. Well, today you're going to learn a whole lot more about what we're doing. Joining me on stage today will be Sean Zadig, our guest speaker, and we'll be hearing from him in just a moment. He is the actual CISO for Yahoo. To begin with, I'll introduce myself. My name is Tim Knudsen, and I have the responsibility of leading the Security Command Center product. We're going to cover a number of things today, including actually me finding the clicker, which is always a good starting point there. And to cover off the contents, we'll begin with the agenda. The main thing here is we really want to show a bit about what we're doing with the product, but also give you the demo so you can see it live. You really get a feel for what we're introducing in innovations with SCC. To join me on stage, I'll have Sean come on up, because one of the things we're going to get right into is a bit about what Sean's going to share with his own story with Yahoo. So Sean wants to do a quick introduction, and then I'll start the stage. All right, awesome. So, hey, good to be here. My name is Sean Zadig. I am the CISO, the Chief Information Security Officer of Yahoo. I've been at the company for 11 years, been the CISO for five, which apparently is kind of a long tenure for CISOs. And before joining Yahoo, I was actually at Google doing cybercrime investigations, and then before that was in the U.S. government also doing cybercrime investigations. So it should be fun. Excellent. All right. So look, a lot of you, actually another quick show of hands. How many of you actually hold the role of being in cloud security? Actually, great. You have an immense responsibility on your shoulders, and it gets harder every day. And one of those, you know, the challenge that we hear about as we engage with you and others really starts to fall into kind of three core themes, right? One is around just making sure that we can help you get to foundational security quickly and easy, taking advantage of what the cloud offers so that you can get the baseline in. The second thing that we hear repeatedly is that oftentimes you are still wondering, even despite all the rules you may have written, what are the risks that I don't know about? If I were to accept a risk, what could happen? Being able to identify and prioritize those risks is another key area that we continually hear being asked for help. And the third is securing AI. Being able to be in a position of saying yes as opposed to always to no when it comes to all these new requirements that you're facing as a business wants to roll out new innovations and modernizations leveraging AI. So those will be the three key themes that we're going to talk about today. And just to kick it off, I'm going to hand it over to Sean. He's going to talk a little bit about how he's looking at these from Yahoo. All right. I'll take the clicker as well. Thank you. There you go. Okay. So, yeah. Here to talk about Yahoo's experience with SCC. And again, CSO of Yahoo. And so I'm actually here not to sell you all on why you should buy SCC, but instead talk about our program and why we think SCC was the right choice for us. And then maybe give you all some tips and tricks if you're looking at it as well to how to sort of pitch your own CSOs on getting this product. And just want to say as well that, like I said, I worked at Google before. So it's kind of an interesting honor for me to actually be here on the stage talking to you all today. So first off, people, you all in the room are thinking Yahoo. That is still around. So I want to update some of your priors about Yahoo. And we are undergoing a bit of a renaissance. In fact, this year is Yahoo's 30th anniversary. And nearly 90% of the Internet population, U.S. Internet population, which is hundreds of millions of people, they visit Yahoo every month. And so that could be checking your email. You're staying current with news. You're playing fantasy sports. You're checking your financial portfolios. Finding information. You know, most people on the Internet will hit Yahoo at some point, you know, in the course of a month. And as far as an attack surface goes, as CISO, it's actually kind of a lot to protect. So with that being said, let me introduce you to the Paranoids, which is Yahoo's information security team. Also joined by some Paranoids here in the front row. And our name as the Paranoids is meant to be kind of playful. But, you know, just like Yahoo is a little bit playful, you know, we're your trusted guide through the digital wilderness. The Paranoids are your neighborhood, you know, friendly neighborhood cybersecurity team. And every Paranoid aims to protect every Yahoo user. So, like probably some of you, from attacks that vary from low-level scammers to really sophisticated and well-resourced nation states. It requires us as a security team to have state-of-the-art detections and practices and protections so we can ensure that Yahoo accounts are controlled by consumers and not crooks. And so last year of this conference, a colleague of mine talked on a stage very much like this about how Yahoo Mail is migrating to Google Cloud as part of our digital transformation project. And so today, I want to talk about how that transformation has worked for us from a security perspective and why being in the cloud is actually helping us protect, you know, everything you hopefully love about Yahoo. And so Yahoo, you know, we are on a little bit of a journey. We've had our own data centers since our inception 30 years ago. And, you know, 10, 15 years ago, these were the most sophisticated data centers in the world. Not anymore. And so we are in the process of migrating our workloads from that on-prem legacy infrastructure to multiple clouds. And it's really been a shift for the whole company, but, you know, especially for the paranoids and for cybersecurity. You know, like other companies that have made the shift to the cloud, we really like, you know, cloud tooling. We get to get infrastructure stood up really swiftly and efficiently. It's, you know, it's a growth exercise when we get to, you know, instantaneously spin up workloads as opposed to, you know, waiting for hardware to be wrapped. And for a security team, it's been a lot of growing for us. You know, we've had, we've been used to and a bit spoiled by, you know, complete visibility in our data center. You know, full packet capture between, you know, all systems regardless of the confidentiality of the data being exchanged. And, you know, we made a lot of decisions based on that. And that sort of thing in the cloud doesn't scale. And it doesn't scale from a cost perspective. And so we've really had to focus our attentions on the most impactful detections and protections. And so, you know, we've had to really learn to trust the cloud tooling. And we're now starting to see the benefits from that trust. So what does that look like in practice? Let's take Security Command Center. Now, we probably could have actually built some portion of the tooling that's available in SCC from scratch. But when we looked at it, we realized we would build a lot faster and we'd get that benefit a lot sooner if we adopted, like, for example, enterprise threat detections as opposed to building them ourselves. And so the detections, enterprise threat detections, are basically Google's in-house detections. And they look at a number of different data sources for evidence of malicious activity known to Google, not just Google's customers, but Google itself across the entire platform. And we realized, you know, that's something that would be really hard for us to replicate ourselves. And so what's more, by adopting SCC, rather than spending our cycles and our time and our money, you know, building something similar, we were supporting the whole reason that Yahoo as a company is moving, you know, our mail from on-prem to the cloud. We're getting features and improvements to market swiftly and safely, and we're abstracting a lot of details that otherwise would be, you know, keeping us up at night. So the paranoids, our mission is to protect consumer, customer, and corporate data. And we use our place on the Internet, which, as I said, you know, is still pretty visible, to fight for our users and the targeted abused and vulnerable. And we need to have detections that allow us to identify attacks from a variety of adversaries and to build robust incident response processes to ensure those attacks are remediated quickly. So that sounds really simple, I mean, especially in the era of SCC and cloud, but as you know, it's kind of a skill to do them both at once. And as CISO, when I'm looking at a security tool, I need to ask myself, is this actually going to help us detect and remediate threats that are in the real world, real attacks? And here again, Google's visibility that they have across their entire customer base and networks, you know, really ensures that they have the right controls in place, the right detections, and we're prioritizing real risks. Which, personally, as CISO passes my test, and it sets the paranoids up to keep working to ensure that Yahoo accounts, consumer accounts, are controlled by those customers and not crooks. I want to go back real quick for a second to the goal of moving to and operating from the cloud for Yahoo, which is, as a company, we really do want to get out that door, you know, product out the door quickly, safely, and securely. And so often security is seen as a blocker, right? I mean, I think if you all are security people, you're used to that meme of, like, security is the department of no, we're in the way, we're slowing things down. It might feel like it's impossible to be efficient and safe. However, I really disagree, and I've really spent a lot of time with the paranoids making sure that we have sort of cultural mindset and shift around this fact. It is a fact that security teams, product teams, and engineering teams have the same goals, right? A safe product is a great product. Safe engineering is a mark of quality engineering. Every bit of it can get out the door quickly while being safe. And so in the paranoids, we have a saying that we like to tell the business. We want to make the safe choice the easy choice and ultimately the only choice that's available. So for nearly the last decade, the paranoids have been working towards that. And we've been cultivating a culture of security around Yahoo. So we have security engineers who review products and features every day before they get out the door. We have security champions who we've embedded across the business. Over 100 volunteers across all the different business units and engineering teams outside the paranoids. We have a truly dedicated and world-class engineering and incident response team. And we have BISOs who work with business and engineering leaders to ensure that when we need to have a conversation about security requirements, we have no surprises. And we aim to cultivate positive interactions with our colleagues. Because everyone wants to create value and build safe, excellent products. And so when we brought up Security Command Center with our partners across Yahoo, the conversation about adopting it was actually really productive and really intuitive. In the end, those engineering teams saw the value and the benefit of Security Command Center. And we were able to talk about, you know, what areas we might need to clarify or build on. Because we had put in the work ahead of time. We put in the trust with those teams every day. So as a CISO of Yahoo, I think that the capabilities that Security Command Center has will be a real key part of our success going forward. And I feel actually pretty good about that, which you don't hear a lot of CISOs say. Because whether, you know, you are checking your mail, you're following sports scores, you're making investment choices, whatever you might be doing on our platforms, you deserve to be safe. And that's because at Yahoo, we are your trusted guide through the digital wilderness to help you achieve your goals no matter how big or small. So that's my perspective. I will now hand it over to Connor and Tim to walk you all through how SCC really works and why it's so great. And thanks very much. All right. Thank you, Sean. Excellent. All right. Well, since most of you are familiar with SCC, I don't need to spend a lot of time here. But the goal we've always attempted to accomplish with SCC is making sure that we deliver the foundational core requirements for cloud security, while on top of that, deliver some advancements for those harder use cases like risk. Do that very well for GCP, as well as do that for other clouds like Azure and AWS. So back to the three things we want to talk about today. What's new with SCC that's going to help you in these three areas? Let's start with the first one, which is all about making sure that we can help with establishing foundational security easily and quickly with SCC. So one of the things that I think you all probably subscribe to is that, you know, prevention is always preferred over reaction. So what else can we do to help with prevention, right? So one of the things that we've introduced now with SCC is, you know, a range of different capabilities across identity, as well as scanning, as well as posture. Some of you may have already started using org policies and custom org policies to set up preventative security postures. How many have already done that? Okay, fantastic. That's a great practice. Thank you for doing that. Now, the thing is, in some cases, you may not be able to run those completely in preventative mode to begin with. Maybe it's a brownfield situation. You need to run a detective. Maybe you need to mix and match a different set of controls or specific detectors that you've written. Or you want to take something off the shelf with a framework that's out of the box, like, because you need to meet a set of CIS requirements. All these different things are hitting you right now. So what we're doing with SCC to make your life easier to help you is with our new compliance manager, we're allowing you to bring in both preventative as well as detective postures. Build those mix and match out of the box, write your own, all in one single unified experience, all within SCC, all included within SCC inclusive. Not only the ability to monitor all of those postures, but the ability also to report on those with evidence-based reporting using audit manager. So that hopefully will make your life easier in terms of what you need to build, but also your life easier in terms of checking the box on what it is you need to report. Now, of course, with that as well is sometimes writing policies, new policies, is necessary. It takes time. It takes effort. What would be a great way of helping with that, folks? There you go. Of course we had to have an AI plug in here. Come on. So Gemini to the rescue. Gemini will help now generate policies for you to put into these postures, taking advantage of awareness of your environment and taking advantage of the fact we've learned on how to write these policies based on other data sets. So now your life is easier in terms of building your postures and monitoring them and reporting on them all through SCC. So next up, back to foundation. Look, one of our missions that personally I wake up to every day is figuring out how I can make it easier to be secure on GCP. So one of the areas we've made a lot of investment in is in vulnerability scanning. We now offer agentless scanning, a mouthful for me for some reason, which, again, doesn't require any agents, doesn't require any additional costs, and also does not result in any consumption of resources charging back to you. Now, we're also taking this to the next level as well. We're not going to be introducing by, again, agentless method, the ability to look at a memory snapshot and then determine whether or not that vulnerability has been detected is actually running by looking at the function calls. Again, all available through SCC, all for GCP, all without you having to do anything. Okay? Back to easy. Now let's talk about threats. Threats was a big theme, but one of the driving factors that I think Sean looked at in terms of how it can help with his security posture for Yahoo. We continue to make a big investment in this area. What we're looking at is all the different things that we can do for our own services, backup and restore being an example here, to help defend against particular threats, in this case, like ransomware. Right? Looking for being able to detect changes, anomalous types of things that you should be aware of that may indicate there's a new risk in your environment. We're also going to be announcing across the set of different services a continued set of expansion in terms of those threat coverage. One of those is actually with Cloud Run. Now for Cloud Run, a serverless environment for which, kind of hard to put an agent on that, we now offer 16 new detectors across both the control plane as well as the runtime, looking at a range of things that you would want to be aware of. Examples including a child shell unexpectedly popping up. Those types of things that we have actually been able to write specific detections for because we know this service, because we run this service, because we offer this service because we're GCP. Now we're making it available to you to turn on with zero effort, much like we are doing with being able to detect bad IP access attempts by looking at the VPC flow logs without having to export them. Another example of how we're making a lot of effort with new capabilities to make it easier to establish that foundation easily and quickly with SCC on GCP. But enough of the slides. Come on up, Connor. Let's put it and show it in action. All right. Okay, so Connor, just I'm sure you all know Connor, but for those who don't, Connor's one of our senior specialists for cloud security, and that's what he does normally for his day job. But today he's going to play the role of a cloud security analyst as he takes you through the demos. So Connor, over to you. Awesome. Thanks, Tim, and thanks, everybody, for being here today. So like I always do, I start my day inside the SCC console and look to see how everything is looking. What I like most about SCC is not just that it's listing the different misconfigurations or vulnerabilities that are present in our cloud environment, but it's automatically assessing them for risk and identifying what issues I need to pay attention to right now. As you can see, we have a number of critical severity issues that we need to pay attention to. So I'm going to be pretty busy this afternoon. Also, our GRC team keeps bugging me about compliance. Thankfully, SCC provides details on how we're faring against popular compliance frameworks like NIST and the CIS benchmarks. I can also leverage Google Cloud's audit manager to provide evidence of compliance and get the auditors what they need without taking a lot of my time. Scrolling down here, whew, finally some good news. We don't have any high-impact exploitable vulnerabilities in our environment right now. We leverage SCC's agentless vulnerability detection platform to identify CVEs across our multi-cloud environment without having to deploy and manage agents. SCC also automatically enriches our vulnerability data with exploitability insights that mandate gleans from frontline cybersecurity expertise. So here, I want to go back and look at the priority and look at what active threats we have in our environment. At our company, we rely heavily on SCC's cloud-native threat detection capabilities that are built into popular Google Cloud services like Compute Engine and GKE. Let's look into this issue on a crypto mining event. The first thing that pops out to me is that SCC's automatically created a case and grouped together a number of related events, obviously providing a higher fidelity signal here. Google's Gemini AI is built directly into SCC and has stated that this case deserves additional intention. It is also summarizing what actually happened and the next steps that we should take to mitigate this risk. Well, Tim, I think this one's going to take me a long time. Looks like I'm going to need to cancel our lunch plans. Are you sure about that, Connor? Because, I mean, take a look at the playbook. Did anything get triggered there? Oh, why didn't I think of that? Yeah, yeah. Good plan. So let's go back and see. Oh, awesome. As we can see here, SCC's already automatically triggered a playbook that is set to stop these hijacked instances that we detected as mining crypto. All I need to do is approve. So, awesome. Looks like we'll be able to catch lunch after all. That's good. That is good. I missed our time together, Connor. All right, folks. Thank you. Now, one thing as a reminder. Who's aware of our $1 million crypto mining protection offer? All right? Well, as it's here in the black and white ink, if we fail to detect a crypto mining attack, we will issue up to $1 million in credits. So that's really putting our money where our mouths are. All right. Let's keep rolling. Identifying risk. Risk. Okay. This is a topic that comes up in 100% of all the conversations. And the reason why is because, obviously, you want to understand what are the risks that you are exposed to in your environment. And I think you probably all feel and live the challenge here, which is you can't possibly anticipate every possible scenario, every possible risk that you're facing. Right? You need some. There has to be a better way to do this. Right? And based on your environment, how do you look at the, like, almost like a stack-ranked understanding of, like, where you should focus your time on doing a risk assessment based on what the most high-valuable resources. And based on what could be found, how do you make sure that you're targeting your team's time to make sure that you're addressing those that create the biggest amount of exposure. So if you were to break this down, obviously, it starts to look like an exercise of, like, what's exposed? Tell me the score. And, you know, based on that, I have an idea of, like, what are the possible issues that are creating this exposure. So oftentimes, a traditional approach to this is let's start writing some rules. Okay? Well, again, do you really think you can anticipate every possible scenario with rules across especially the complexity of the environments that you were all running? That's where you enter into what we do with our virtual red teaming. This is where we've taken a completely different approach. This is where we are looking at simulations as opposed to rules to help identify where there are possible paths that a motivated attacker might take from the outside, leveraging the leak key or whatever it might be, all the way through to your high-value resources and exploit them. Okay? That is our attack path simulation. And the way that we do that is, to begin with, we don't actually go into your environments. Right? We're not impacting your applications. We're not impacting your data. What we actually create is what we have referred to as a digital twin. We look at your configurations. We look at what we've learned from the various scans with threat intelligence and use that as a basis to run all of these simulations, evaluating, again, as a motivated attacker, all the possible permutations that could be found to move from the outside to your high-value resource as part of this attack. We identify those as toxic combinations. Now, we run those on an ongoing basis using a different number of methods of probabilistic reasoning, algorithms, et cetera. But the main thing we're searching for is can we find that end-to-end path, right, which we refer to as a toxic combination. And for that end-to-end path across those toxic combinations, can we actually find within those the resources that become the choke points that are shared across multiple toxic combinations? Back to the whole exercise. Why is that so important? Because now by remediating that one choke point, you can dramatically reduce your risk exposure because you've just basically blocked a number of toxic combinations. Okay? And that becomes, if you remember what Connor just showed you, back to that risk overview and that list, that becomes that number one item to go focus the team on to make sure that you're bringing your environment into a safe level by reducing risk as quickly as possible by leveraging what we've done for you, which is identifying where the choke points are. So, Connor, let's see that in action, please. All right. Let's jump right into it. So here you can see the top issues that were identified by SEC's virtual red team. In this example, let's look into the issue around where a firewall rule that exposes many value resources. So here we can see SEC is identifying and providing a summary of this issue, instructions on how we can fix it, and exactly what high-value resources are exposed by this series of vulnerabilities. Right? So I don't know about you guys, but I am much more of a visual person, so let's jump in and explore the attack paths that SEC identified. So SEC's virtual red team identified a number of resources impacted by these attack paths. So in this example, let's focus on the one that impacts this BigQuery dataset. So as we look into this example, we can see that this attack path has an open SSH port, a VM with a public IP, that has an over-permissioned service account attached to it. So this attack path is telling us that an attacker would be able to exploit these vulnerabilities and reach this high-value BigQuery dataset. What is more important is that SEC's sensitive data protection service automatically identified that this dataset contains sensitive data, and it wasn't appropriately tagged per our security policy. So SEC Enterprise automatically increased the sensitivity of that dataset and incorporated it into our virtual red team simulations. So we can jump back to the issue and look at how to fix and intermediate this, but Tim, that one would have been hard for us to find on our own. Yeah, I don't know how we would have anticipated all of those, you know, in a rule set. But again, you can see the power of what we're able to do through our simulations and really looking at all possible permutations for, again, a motivated attacker. Now, one of the key things there that Connor highlighted is that we're able to identify one of our set or a set of high-value resources leveraging our ability to detect sensitive data via what we call our SDP service. That's also just included in the product, right? Back to making your lives easier to be able to get to security. Now, also, as a help to you, we also offer what we call a risk report. This risk report, as you can see an example of here, is something we generate that really provides insights into your environment based on running the attack paths and the virtual red teaming to determine are there any identifiable toxic combinations, any, therefore, choke points across those, all built into a nice executive-level PDF report that we're happy to sit down and go through with you and see what we've learned, right? It's a win-win. You may identify new things you weren't aware of, or you may feel that it may demonstrate and validate that you're in a good position. So what we'd like to offer with the session today is, please sign up for a risk report, right? Scan this QR code. There's a very simple page behind this that has a form that allows you to register. And we'd love to run one of these and sit down and explain what we found and show how that translates into how you can operationalize this in the product, much like you just saw Connor do live with the demonstration. Okay. Third theme. Securing AI. Being able to move from a no to a yes in many cases, right? Particularly with the evolution almost on a daily basis of how this is being introduced into the environment. So there's a whole host of new challenges introduced with AI. It touches nearly every layer from infrastructure all up through the app stack to the data. I think you all get it. You're probably all living and breathing it right now. Again, back to the technical advisor council session that I hosted yesterday. This was a dominant theme in terms of how the various teams are approaching this, where they're looking for help, and some of the challenges that are emerging, again, almost on a daily basis. So the way we've been looking at this is with SCC, how can we help? We've really broken it down into, again, three categories. First, help with discovery. In some sense, the AI discovery is much like the shadow IT problem, right? If you all remember that. Now it's about AI. Where are there AI assets in your environment, like data models, training models, perhaps that are making calls, leveraging a variety of both GCP-hosted, Vertex-hosted models, as well as outside of GCP. Next, how can we evaluate the risk associated with that, much like we did for other high-value resources, now for AI workloads? Then also, what are the actions that we can take in to help secure and protect those? That's where our AI protections capability within SCC plays a big role, right? This is now also available in preview with SCC, and what it allows you to do is first just get a view of those assets that are in your environment. As you can see here by the screenshot, we've identified a whole range of assets. In fact, by combining our understanding of what's in your environment plus our security, our sense of data protection discovery, we're also able to highlight of those assets which ones actually have sensitive data, and so you have a complete view and comprehensive view of what's in your environment. Second, one of the other challenges with AI is being able to make sure you apply security as well as safety when it comes to the prompts and responses, the exchanges with the models that are in your environment, or sometimes hosted outside environment for which your applications are interfacing and interacting with. That requires being in line. That requires being able to understand what is the prompt, being able to inspect that as well as the response, being able to apply the appropriate level of filters if necessary, or checks to make sure that there's not an attempt to jailbreak the model, or that the model's not producing something that is something you don't want it to produce for purposes of brand or other concerns. That's where Model Armor comes in. Model Armor allows you to inspect both the prompts and responses, apply a set of policies, and be able to apply those security and safety controls that you need in order to safely bring AI into your environment. On top of that, we're also building out a whole set of other kind of foundational aspects, like you saw us talk about earlier, threats, the risk assessment, all specialized and focused on bringing it together for AI so that you have that at your fingertips in a verticalized view, just like you have a verticalized view for data, for vulnerabilities, and other areas that are necessary for you to pay attention to when it comes to cloud security in your environment with SCC. So now, and of course, on top of that, much like we provide the risk report for your overall environment, like hopefully you'll take advantage of, we're also specializing, have specialized the report as well to provide insights into specifically what are the risks in terms of toxic combinations, choke points, that you need to be aware of for your AI assets. So think of it as a very specific AI overlay with that SCC provides so you have that attention to detail and focus in that area. Now, what's also exciting, as you can see at the top of this report, is another area that we're introducing, both with AI and outside of AI, is this idea of what-if analysis. So wouldn't it be great to know that if you were to apply additional set of controls, maybe using context-aware access as one of our platform features, what would happen in terms of the number of attack paths? Right? Like, what if you were, it's like the equivalent of saying, what if I were to accept this risk in the inverse way? So what we're doing now with our red teaming and attack path simulations is also introducing the ability to do what-if analysis so that you can see the impact of applying different controls within GCP or taking different exceptions or whatever it might be so that you have that data at your fingertips to make your decisions when it comes to how you're going to manage your security decisions. So, without further ado, let's hand it back over to Connor and we'll show you AI protections in action. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Tim. So, as we can all see here at Google Cloud Nexus here, AI is everywhere. Our company has jumped all in on generative AI and we have developers using it everywhere. Half the time, they don't even let our security team know. So, and yet, here I am, just a lonely cybersecurity analyst who's been tasked with providing an update to our leadership team on our AI security posture. Thankfully, I heard that SEC is rolling out a new dashboard on AI security. So, let's check that out. Here you can see that this dashboard provides visibility into the security related to our AI workloads. Right? From just understanding what models we're using, what data sets they're being trained on, and more importantly, which risks impact these AI-specific workloads. As we continue to scroll down, you can see different insights like what sensitive data is in these Vertex AI data sets and what SEC findings have been from our AI and data security policies we've put in place. Scrolling back to the top, you can see the top AI issues that our virtual red team has identified, and the AI threats like this prompt LLM hijacking, where we've identified anomalous Gen AI model usage. Looking at the AI inventory section, you can see that we're leveraging 18 different foundation models, but four of them are not protected by Google Cloud's Model Armor service. What is awesome is that, or what is really cool is that Google's Model Armor usage under that is included in our SEC Enterprise subscription. Right? So, definitely going to help with our update to leadership here. All right. Thank you, Connor. And, speaking of helping as well, look, we feel like we're in a really strong position to help in the area of AI security because of our leadership position in developing AI security. So, with that knowledge, we will continue to evolve and expand the level of controls, risk assessment, and other types of capabilities when it comes to securing AI and moving you from a no to a yes as you unleash and enable that innovation. Another way we're thinking about helping is also holistically and outside of just functionality. Our risk protection program is something we also are expanding in conjunction here with Cloud Next, adding in two additional partners, Beasley and Chubb, in addition to expanding our relationship with Munich Reap. And all of them have also committed to affirmative AI insurance as part of the program, which ultimately the simplest way to think about this is by using SEC, it will help you reduce your cybersecurity policy costs because of the known risk reduction that comes with using SEC in your environments. Okay? So, yet another benefit of how we're trying to help you with SEC. So, and one more thing. The way that we offer this solution across all the capabilities for GCP, where we try to be the best for GCP, all the capabilities that we've talked about when it comes to identifying toxic combinations and choke points, so you know where to spend your time to be the best for risk. All the capabilities we're offering now specializing in securing AI to be the best for AI. Those are all part of SEC. It includes the sensitive data protection. It includes the audit capability that I talked about. It includes all the compliance management that I talked about. It includes the IAM recommender. The whole host of things are all part of the entitlements. Again, to make life easy for you to gain that level of security posture that you need. And this is all offered as a fixed subscription price model. And it supports not only GCP, but that same model applies to AWS and Azure, which are the two clouds that we support as well. So there's more here at Next when it comes to the SEC, and there's a whole lot more. But a couple of sessions just to highlight right here, which is we have the reduced attack surface, which is on Thursday. We have supply and compliance, which will feature a compliance manager on Friday. Securing code to cloud and how we're shifting left on Thursday. More detail about securing AI as well on Friday. And even more about virtual red teaming on Friday at 11 a.m. So pack your schedules with SEC. It's worth it. At least we believe it is. And we thank you for joining us here. We actually do have some time for questions, which nobody expected based on the slide count we started with. So if there's anyone in the crowd that has any questions, we're happy to answer them. All right, one over here. Sure. So how do you understand with acquisition is going to help you guys? Sure. I think I'll just repeat the question for everyone's benefit. It is how will the announced acquisition of Wiz benefit, I think, customers and SEC. So I think, first of all, as everyone's probably heard or read, we're still operating as two separate companies. And so there's not anything we can comment on when it comes to what, you know, if and when, what will happen post-close. But I think it's also pretty clear from, you know, what's been shared publicly and what you heard Thomas talk about as well, why it makes sense as a whole, right? Both Wiz and GCP are motivated to make sure that we bring comprehensive security solutions that are easy, that are quick to deploy, that are highly effective. We, as GCP, have now demonstrated a strong track record of investments and security, both with the GCP, as you saw in the past, and also as you saw with the whole new set of features we talked about here, particularly in the areas of the GCP-specific threats that we're rolling out, as well as also what we've done in the past when it comes to the acquisition with Mandiant, right? Another example, we brought in that into the fold and now it's being highly integrated. In fact, if you saw the Google Unified Security portion of the presentation this morning, you can see how we're bringing it all even tighter together into this one single, you know, platform or one single stack. And we think with, you know, with what Wiz has to offer, we'll further benefit, you know, the customers because of the breadth they bring in terms of overall multi-cloud, as well as the breadth they bring in when it comes to things like code security, which are uniquely offered by them compared to what we have today. So, hopefully that answers the question. So, in both terms of kind of what the why as we've expressed publicly, as well as kind of where we are, which we're still operating as two separate companies. But, hopefully you all recognize as well that based on what we've shown here, that there is clear value that we're offering for specifically for GCP when it comes to making sure you can achieve that foundation fast and easily with the risk as well as securing AI. Cool. Well, thanks everybody. That's all right. Thank you. Thank you.