 . Hi, everybody. Let's get a quick recap of all the cool things we announced in Firebase Studio in just under five minutes. My name is Krupa Chinathambi. I'm a product manager. I work on Firebase Studio. And the big thing about Firebase Studio is this. It's an integrated and extensible workspace to help you build apps. You can build, run, manage web apps, cross-platform mobile apps, back-end services, and a variety of other types of applications. Now, let's take a dive into what it looks like and the kinds of apps that you can build. When you launch Firebase Studio for the very first time, you'll see an interface that looks very similar to this. You'll be able to build an application using natural language and multimodal. Our goal is to help you go from an idea to a working app in under 30 seconds. So what you can do is, in this case, I want to build an app that happens to help me manage my finances. I specify the prompt. And now I get some what we call a blueprint. I get to specify what the app is going to do, make some changes if I want to, to say I want certain features, I don't want the other features. But once I'm ready, I click the app big button, and the app starts getting built. And now the best thing is, I can not only see my app as it is being built right now, I can also make modifications and continue interacting with a Gemini-powered chat-based interface. I can continue to iterate on my application, all of this without having to think too much about the technical details of how the app needs to be built. So once my app and its prototype are ready, I can click the Deploy button and then publish it to Firebase App Hosting, which went GA very recently at Cloud Next just a few days ago. Now, if I'm not into using AI to boom application, or I have an existing project that I want to really go deep into, we provide you a full professional workspace to be able to build apps using your favorite languages and frameworks. So you can click the New Workspace button, and then you can customize your dev environment, all the way down to how the VM itself is configured. But the other really common approach is that you may have an existing application, and you can open it from GitHub, BitLab, and Bitbucket, or you can upload a zip file locally from disk. Whatever project you have, we'll be able to work with you on it. Lastly, one of the most popular features is the collection of templates that we provide. So you probably have your favorite tech stack, your favorite framework, your favorite languages. You can start from any of the starting points across front end, back end, mobile. And we have a growing collection of templates built both by our team and by the community as well. So if you don't have an idea for a starting point, we'll definitely give you one that can help you. Our goal really is this. AI is a core part of how you build your apps. And we want to give you a choice. You can use as much or as little AI as you want to help you build the applications that you want. If you are going deep into the AI capabilities, we're powered by Gemini. We give you the ability to choose the latest Gemini models. And all of our capabilities are fully agentic. We have full awareness of your code base, whether you're modifying a single file, a single line, or make a change across your entire project, we have you fully covered. Now, Gemini Code Assist agents, something you might have seen a lot about within private preview right now, they will also be fully accessible from within the Firebase Studio interface. And one of the big things we also have that people love is our collaboration features. You know, we know that software development is a very collaborative activity. And we give you very easy access to not just share your entire workspace with your colleagues. You can also collaborate in real time, just like what you might expect when you have a laptop and a friend right next to you working right there. And so let's take a step back and let's talk about one of the things about Firebase Studio that are worth absolutely highlighting. First of all, it's fully web-based. All you need is a browser and an internet connection, and you are ready to go. It is built on VS Code. We wanted to make sure you had a very familiar and powerful coding environment that you can build the types of applications you always do. Now, just because you're running in the browser does not mean you have to sacrifice deep capabilities. We give you a full cloud VM with all the bells and whistles to manage your file system, use the terminal, install packages, whatever you will need to take your current application and be able to make it work in your environment. We give you preconfigured environments. We saw the templates. We saw the deep customization we provide via a technology called Nix, NixOS. And that gives you full flexibility in making the environment yours. AI assistance is woven throughout. It's not just about the coding. It's about the full end-to-end journey. You want to build your application. You want to deploy it. You want to be able to see how it is running and how your users are interacting with it. Our AI assistance spans the full workflow. We give you a live preview. If you're building an application, you want to see what it looks like without having to jump through too many hoops. So you get to see your application in a web preview. If you're building a mobile app, we give you an Android emulator so you can see it fully in the browser. All of this without any configuration. We give you deep Google integrations. We talked about how deployment goes to Firebase app hosting. We have many other integrations where, with just a few clicks or a few prompts with the AI assistant, you're up and running with the best Google service to solve the problem that you're currently looking for. And lastly, the collaborative features. You can collaborate. You can share your workspace. You can work with someone just as if they were physically in the same vicinity as you. So the takeaway is this. Firebase Studio is a professional tool designed for all developers, whether you're AI first, code first, front and back end, we got you covered. Everyone's welcome.