 Good afternoon, everybody. How are you? Should we go off the stage and do that again? Are you doing okay? Are you having a good day so far? Great. Sorry about that kind of early morning. We're going to take you out of the building and have you come back into the building. So those of you that had to go through that, my apologies. But thanks for sticking with us. I've got to say I am so excited to be able to be on stage with these three individuals. Obviously, if you didn't know, by the way, my name is Darren, and I lead our startup organization here at Google Cloud, which some of you may have heard me say in a previous session that I still think I have the best job in show business in the sense that I get to work with founders every single day, working at Google during the AI revolution. And it's really a pretty incredible, wonderful opportunity to get to meet folks like you every single day. And as a part of that, I get to spend time with really interesting people from the ecosystem at large. The three individuals we have on the stage with us now are going to be able to really maximize your time and give you some insights into something some of you may know a lot about, some of you may know nothing about. And that is the fundraising process. How are decisions made? What are trends that are being seen? And for those of you that are in really critical stages of raising funds and starting a business, I think you're going to be able to walk away with some additional tidbits as well. So let me kind of do a quick introduction. I was going to do a little more, but before we walked on stage, we were having a conversation about a couple of interesting pieces of background. So I'm actually going to let these three individuals introduce themselves after I do this first, which first, Molly, thank you so much for being here. Molly is with Radical Ventures, which many of you, I'm sure, have heard about. And we're excited to hear about your background and get some of your observations. Janelle with Bessemer Venture Partners. Again, super well-known fund doing some great investments with a lot of big wins. We're excited to kind of suck out all of your experience and be able to learn more as well. And Crystal, my old friend, we just came from another session. If any of you were there, we said we're going to do a morning show pretty soon because we're starting to really like working together. Crystal's obviously with GV and has some great experience about enterprise investment, but a lot of experience when it comes to AI. So what a great opportunity for us to have three-season venture capitalists on the stage. And let's get into it. Before we get into the questions, though, I'd love to let you have a few minutes to talk about your arc. How did you, where did you come from? Where did you start? And what brought you to the role that you have now? Yeah, I can kick us off. Please do. First of all, thank you, Darren. This is a delight. It's so much fun to be here. I'm really excited for the conversation. Two friends and collaborators here. So it's really fun to be on this panel with you, Crystal, and Janelle. So looking forward to it. I'm very fortunate in that I have the second best job in show business, perhaps, and that I get to partner with founders. And I'm a partner at a firm called Radical Ventures. We do just AI investing. Until a couple years ago, that was a little bit of a backwaters field, perhaps. Not so much anymore. And so we do everything from infrastructure, frontier models, all the way up to AI native applications, and do everything from early to growth stage investing. I focus primarily on early stage. I'm also fortunate in that I started my career at Google. And I have been to Google Cloud Next before, but in a very different context. I started my career as an associate at Google and was fortunate to end up working with the Google Brain Team in the early days of what, at the time, we thought was the AI revolution. And it was, but it was just the start. We were very early at that time in what, of course, has become really a cascading great wave of AI innovation. And I used to actually write content for AI speakers at Cloud Next. So I wrote for John Gianandrea at Next in the past. That was my first conference. And so it's really fun to be in this seat now and really excited for this conversation. So thanks again for having me. It's great to have you back at Next. That's great. Yeah, we'd love to hear more about your background as well. That's good. And first of all, thank you so much for having me. As Molly said, it's such an honor to be in the presence of wonderful founders and such an esteemed panel. My name is Janelle. I'm a partner at Bessemer Venture Partners. We're a multi-stage global firm that invests across different stages and also across all verticals. I sit on our early stage side, and I focus primarily on working with founders from technical and or academic and research backgrounds. And that's probably a good backward-looking starting point because I was educated as a scientist. I'm a biologist by training. I did not know what VC was and still to today sometimes a little confused on what VCs actually do. But that has bled into my investment thesis and my investment philosophy. I actually joined Bessemer after being a product manager at an applied AI startup called RelateIQ. We were acquired by Salesforce about 10 years ago now. So I've been in applied AI for a long time. But we like to joke that that era of AI was not actually super intelligent. We're currently in the really intelligent part of the AI paradigm. So very excited to dig in more and chat more about the trends and things we're seeing in the space. Thanks, Janelle. And speaking of super intelligent, Crystal, we'd love to hear more about your background as well before we dive in. And thank you again for having me. So I'm a general partner at GV Google Ventures. We're a multi-stage venture firm that invests Alphabet's capital into startups of many stages. Could be at inception investing in a Word doc. It could be very late-stage, multi-billion-dollar pre-IPO companies. I spent all my time on enterprise software, infrastructure, and AI, which has been most of that time over the last couple of years. I've been an investor for, I guess, almost 12 years now across three different multi-stage funds. And I started my career as a technology M&A banker. And I actually initially got into venture because I wanted to figure out how to start my own company. And my parents started a small business together. And I was very inspired by that journey. And I wanted to learn how to fundraise and develop taste for ideas and meet collaborators. And I fell in love with the job. I think it is one of the best jobs you could possibly have. And it's inspiring to meet with great founders and kind of support them every day. And so I've now stuck around. I'm not qualified to do anything else. So I hope I get to stay here. Seems to be working well, though. So that's good. Thank you so much for starting with that. I always find when we have folks like you on the stage, sometimes we jump right into the content. And I think it's always fascinating to know who's the human behind the title. So thank you for being willing to do that. Let's zoom out a little bit and talk about this concept of AI. For those of you that weren't in a previous session, you may not know that we recently released an AI study, if you will, where we involved 23 specialists from around the industry, whether that be venture capitalists, founders, other influencers, just talking about the trends of what we're seeing in AI overall. And what I wanted to do was maybe, Crystal, start with you to kind of zoom out. It's a bit of a big, broad, maybe hard question. But when you think about everything going on around AI, what do you think is either the biggest opportunity or the biggest disruption? And be totally unfettered here. Let's not think about even what's possible. What do you think is really the biggest, grandest opportunity maybe that's being presented in AI at the moment? I think there's a lot of under-addressed opportunity in just the physical, real world. And that's part of what's driving all this interest in robotic foundation models and human-wide robotics. But I think we're starting to kind of asymptote in terms of the amount of data you can index on the internet. So models already know as much as they can. And so now we're generating synthetic data. We're trying to kind of improve on that in the online world. In the physical world, none of that is actually largely not indexed. And so we're just now trying to go and acquire the data and label it and prepare it to train models. And so when you think about AI automation, I don't see it playing out necessarily in factories and manufacturing and healthcare and sort of health and human services, in the physical world the way you would expect. Because it's hard, right? And low-hanging fruit is kind of an address. But this is sort of the last mile. And so I think we're super interested in things that address manufacturing productivity and addressing labor shortages and sort of service industries. That's where we're hoping to spend a lot of time. Great. And Molly, let's ask you the same. In terms of the biggest emerging trends, you're looking at signal and noise across a big industry. So what are you seeing? Yeah. I really like that point, Crystal. One of the points I wanted to make, the two areas where we're seeing a ton of excitement are both bits, of course. We are all here because we're oriented around the world of bits. And we're, of course, seeing a lot of innovation transformation of software with AI. We like to frame it at Radical as AI is eating software. You know, software ate the world and now AI is eating software. And I think we can even take that further in that AI is extending software. We have these new capabilities with software. Think about things like agents that take action for users in their digital environments. We're extending software with new capabilities that we haven't had previously. So I think the world of software, there's tons we can spend time talking about today. There's both infrastructure reinvention, new kinds of infrastructure needed to build this new AI native software stack. And then there's transformation AI applications. There's de novo AI native applications. And there are kind of refashioning of the previous generation of AI software, of software with AI. So that's the world of bits. Of bits. And we're also very excited about the world of atoms. And so I think, Crystal, your point is exactly right. The natural extension of intelligence is not just language, right? You know, when we think about what makes a person intelligent, of course, it is being able to communicate with others, understand language. But it's also understanding the physical world and being able to manipulate the physical world. So perception has long been a frontier for AI, a grand quest for AI. And I think we are at the cusp of seeing both transformation and really exciting new opportunities in the physical world. And that's everything from robotics, as Crystal mentioned. I think it's manufacturing. There's opportunities to create new kinds of physical systems with AI, reimagine, reinvent new things. And we're really excited about both. So I think both atoms and bits are areas that we're quite excited about. I'm going to steal that from you. I like the way. Feel free. Feel free. Thank you. Janelle, what about from your perspective, the biggest disruption or biggest trends that you're seeing? Yeah, I'd love to zoom in on something Molly said on the infrastructure side. That's where I spend most of my time. Again, a lot of the founders I work with are technical, so they're building in data infrastructure, AI infrastructure, and developer tooling. I view enterprise data infrastructure as constantly evolving. And for me, it's a little bit of a simultaneous call in response to any technological shift we live in. So what does that mean? And a price data infrastructure allows the unlock of new products, new businesses, new services. But at the same time, it simultaneously also adapts itself as these new businesses come up to meet changing demands of builders. And today we are truly at such an exciting inflection point, mainly driven by two catalysts. So AI is the first one where the old modern data stack is not purpose-built or optimized for the AI age. So we're seeing an entirely new stack being reimagined, everything from model layer to new ways of orchestration to new model training techniques and frameworks. So a whole new set of tools are popping up to help builders at the front lines build applications. And I know this panel is about AI, but to me, data and AI are two sides of the same coin. You can't really escape one without the other. And on the pure data infrastructure side, there's a paradigm shift happening that's more an architecture shift. So that's the shift towards lake houses. And a way to frame that shift is we've gone in the last 50 years from on-premise data warehouses to cloud-native warehouses like Snowflake. Then we've gone to data lakes like Databricks. And now we're in an age where we are seeing the rise of this architectural paradigm called the lake house that truly combines the best of both worlds on the warehouse and the lakeside. And at least I think that that will lead us into an age of truly unprecedented interoperability where everyone, regardless of whether you're a business, a SQL user, or you're an AI engineer, you're able to use one single highly interoperable platform to do work. So that is on the paradigm shift more architecture-wise. That's what's happening as well. Very cool. Thank you for getting us started there. You know, we're talking about the change that AI is driving. Venture is changing along with it, right? You guys can't stay completely static in the midst of all this evolution. Molly, maybe I can ask you to start first. When you think about all the changes that have happened, maybe don't look back, but think about where we are and think 18 months into the future. For those folks in the room that are either super curious about venture or founders seeking to understand how to raise, what are you seeing maybe some of the big shifts and differences being in your discipline based on what's happening from an AI perspective? Yeah. 18 months feels like a long time in AI land, and indeed it is in any land today. The first thing I'll note is, of course, the macro. We are in a volatile, uncertain to some degree, macro environment. And this is no doubt going to influence the private markets in the next 12 to 18 months. The time at which that will happen, the degree to which that will impact AI startups, both in terms of valuations, potentially in terms of growth, I think we're still figuring that out. Time will tell, right? But when I think about the next 12 to 18 months, I think it is really critical for founders to keep in mind. We are in a really uncertain and quite volatile macro environment. And so that will be an important vector that's going to influence, as I described, valuations, I think could impact growth, the degree to which we will see. That's one core piece. A couple more qualitative elements I'll note that we're seeing in the market. One that I'm observing is that teams are able to do a lot more with a lot less these days. I meet very early stage companies that are quite small in terms of headcount that are able to accomplish pretty amazing things on the traction side. There's questions that we can spend time talking about today about whether that's always the right metric to evaluate startups with these days, whether top line revenue really tells the full story. I would suggest it doesn't always in this time of really quickly growing AI startups. But the point I want to make is that we're seeing small teams get a lot of leverage with AI. So there's kind of this new enterprise AI operating stack that's emerging that's giving teams superpowers. So software development, if people here have not played with AI native IDEs or with coding agents, you should. Because there is a ton of leverage that pretty much every team, I think, can get from them. And many are go-to-market tools. There are these functional AI assistants or agents that are really starting to supersize and supercharge companies really quickly. So we're seeing young companies do a lot more with less, which has been a really interesting trend to track. And I think from the founder perspective, there are a couple takeaways that I would suggest with both of those things in mind. On the latter, in terms of doing more with less, think hard about what you need to achieve lift. We are now in an environment where using these AI native tools, you may be able to get further faster. So think about what that means in terms of the lift you want to achieve, potentially the amount of money you want to raise. There's a lot more that you can do with less. And then on the macro, I think it's just agility and context awareness and remaining really agile and thoughtful and context aware as the market evolves. Fantastic. Janelle, what about from your perspective? 18 months from now, what do you think about the evolution in VC specifically? Yeah. I think we're in such a strange time. And I live in Silicon Valley, and it certainly feels like a bubble sometimes. There is this optimism around how AI and agents will totally disrupt the workforce and make us more productive. At the same time, we're in a macro economy that's truly highly uncertain. I'm not just talking about markets, but geopolitically as well. And so I think to me, when I kind of advise my founders, there are things that are in your control that you can do as a founder. Like these are the fundamentals of your business. And not worrying about benchmarks, because benchmarks are changing as well, right? Like for Bessemer, ask us two years ago, a best-in-class benchmark for growth was 100% growth year over year. And now AI startups are truly at a zero to the back of that for growth. So benchmarks are changing. Those are things you can't really worry about. It's out of your control. But what you need to focus on are things that you can control, which is hiring, your customers, your team. And so focus on the idiosyncratic things that matter to your business. And the macro, you need to be aware of it. But truly, there are just some things you can't really overthink. And neither do you have control of it. And these are things such as what multiples VCs assign do you, again, the benchmarks are changing. So that's what competitors are doing and things like that. So just focus on your business and running the best fundamentals that you can. I think that's kind of in scope for a great founder to be in control of. That's great advice. Thank you. So I can speak to the business and operations of a VC and also how we invest going forward. So on the operations side, I think in the same way that we look for companies that use AI tools natively to be more productive, as Molly said. Like, you can achieve a lot with a very small team using agents to displace any kind of IC work you can, using cogen, using ISDRs. And so in the same way that we tell our companies that we need to get AI native, I think VCs have to do the same. And so I was both excited and terrified when I made a Gemini deep research report about a space that was better than I could have done in a week. You know? And so the productivity capabilities are going way up, which also means that VCs, that we compete with are also going to get better, right? So we're going to have to inject AI workflows into everything we do. And a lot of those capabilities are just on the horizon, right? Think about, like, all the customer calls we do. What if a voice agent did that? What if all of the founder outbound messages that we sent, you know, duly on LinkedIn could also be automated, right? And so there's so much that I want to invest in to not get disrupted because I legitimately think some 25-year-old version of me is doing that right now. And so there's that that we're going to invest in for sure. And then I think in terms of how we think about investing, you know, so many companies now can get to real traction with very little capital. So that means we need to capture them ever earlier. Because as soon as they start to have breakout momentum, they might not need to raise as much. They actually don't sell as much of their companies as they used to anymore if things are really working. And so the math for VC firms is also changing. It's hard now to own 25% of something for a small check. It's very, very hard and you have to have caught it like at the seed, at inception. And so I think we have to spend a lot more time getting close to builders, building a network of, you know, people who are early in their career who are just really, I think, doing a lot more investing at that stage. So I hear a trend. We're going off script here. Remember, I warned you. So I hope you're ready. I heard the trend from two of you and I'd love to get all of your perspective on the amount of money needed, right? I know there was a period of time just from my own engagement in the ecosystem where more was better, right? It's like the bigger check that you could get from the three of you, that would be a signal of my worth or the company's worth. And you both, all three of you, but specifically Molly and Crystal, you both made the comment of now more than ever, you can do more than ever before. Smaller teams can generate incredible productivity. Therefore, be aware of what money you're asking to raise. Can you just reflect on that a little bit? Because there are folks in here that are either actively raising or seeking to. And I think there's some magic in what you're saying here. Can you just expand on that a bit? Yeah, I can start. So I think the answer is yes and. Darren, and you're totally right. We've all pointed to it. Things are shifting in terms of the ways companies are financing their growth. In the ways they are able to grow. In what growth looks like. It's really interesting. Public markets have generally for the past two years been a story of stagnant growth. The stuff we're seeing in early stage AI is very different. We're seeing some of the fastest growing companies in history. So the game is changing. The rules are being rewritten to a certain extent. I do think the type of company matters. We invest in a lot of research oriented startups at Radical. Compute is a key ingredient for many of these companies. One of my colleagues is in the audience who spends a lot of time working with our companies on compute acquisition and strategy. This is incredibly strategic for startups that are building frontier models. Really are just led with research generally. We have companies that are research led. They are doing things at the state of the art that may not be frontier models per se. GPUs matter for them. So those are not free. Those aren't that cheap either. So I think that it does depend to some extent on the type of company that is being built. And so it's a very important note. The reason I think why we are all pointing to this dynamic is because we are in an era of great developments, acceleration, AI native applications. And on average, these are not companies that are GPU hungry. Some of them do have inference costs that are material to some extent. But at the early stage are oftentimes not GPU hungry. And they're using AI tools to bootstrap growth, as we described, whether that's cogen, whether it's AI SREs or SDRs, et cetera. So it really does depend, I think, on the type of startup to some extent. But you're right. The game is changing. Fascinating. I'm in total agreement with that. And I think you would want to answer, does every dollar spent tie back to some kind of moat that builds, right? And things like training net new foundation models and specific verticals, it's just going to cost something no matter what, right? Especially if the data is not easily accessible. But that is your moat, right? Whereas I think if you build something that's more sassy, more business productivity, it leverages off-the-shelf LLMs, or at most you maybe fine-tune something that's open source, you should be getting way more leverage per dollar. And so you should be pushing yourself to be super automated, knowing that you can basically 10x the amount of ARR without 10x the spend. And so it's really much about just the formula of your own business and what the dollar gets you. Yeah, I want to combine the comments from Molly and Crystal. Again, as an infrastructure investor, a lot of my portfolio companies are very, very compute-hungry. Some of them are even gross margin negative to start their businesses. And I think it's very, you know, maybe some VCs who don't invest in infrastructure kind of give them a knock because of that. And it does cost hard, but when you're investing in a company that is gross margin negative, and you really have to believe that they can get to an inflection point. But I do think it's – like, we shouldn't judge, you know, fast-growing companies in infrastructure space. We're burning a lot. And this is where Crystal's point comes in. I think it's very important to look at a metric that at Bessemer we call efficiency score. So we look at your net new AR to your net burn. And it's a relative metric because we're not looking at the absolute burn. And absolute burn for foundation model companies could be extremely massive. And we have several in our portfolio. What you want to do is to balance the tradeoffs between growth and burn. And so an ideal benchmark that we feel excited by would be a 1x. So for every net new AR you're adding you have a million in burn, our best, best companies can get to 1.5. So that is what we call a very efficient company. But I don't think you're seeing seed rounds, especially, again, for infrastructure companies, get massive. And for founders, I think the way to triangulate it is your absolute valuation – I kind of think of it like a triangle. So absolute valuation in the middle. There are three things you need to think about. Round size, the bigger your round size is, you also need to match it with your dilution expectation. And then the VC is going to match that to something we call multiple of, like, you know, your multiple of revenue and multiple of gross profit. So that's why you need to try and balance all three as you think about. Again, with a bigger round size, if you're keeping your dilution metric the same, the whole absolute valuation goes up. And that means your VC has to feel comfortable paying a higher multiple. So that's kind of how I would try to balance all three. And it is very delicate art. It's not really a sign. Yeah, that's super fascinating. Thank you all three for doing that. And Janelle, I'd love to stick with you because when I think about your, as you even mentioned, kind of data, data infrastructure background, I'll let you know that a lot of folks in this room are building what I would say are horizontal solutions. They see them playing across multiple industries. There are also folks in this room that are solving a very specific problem in a very specific vertical industry. And so, Janelle, if I could start with you, any perspectives when you think about vertical industry innovation or disruption? In other words, with what we're seeing, do you think there's a particular industry that presents itself as ripe for disruption so that these folks in the room can walk out and go build the next great startup? Yeah, I'll split it into application startups and then infra startups. On application side, at Bessemer, we actually developed an autonomy framework that's very much based on a self-driving car framework for folks who come from that background. We are going to publish it. If not today, it will be published by the end of the week. And it helps us grade on a scale of one to six, which industries and verticals are the most advanced in AI adoption. And through this framework, something that we've learned, at least on the application side, is that industries that either have a lot of pre-existing data, so robotics, as Crystal mentioned, is not one of those because there's not a lot of data to train models. The industries that have pre-existing data tend to be further ahead in AI adoption or penetration. Industries that have text-based workflows, so things like chatbots or support centers and customer success, cogen, I would call that as well, tend to also be a little bit further in advancement. And then any industry that has easily codified processes, so again, like BDRs, SDRs, sales enablement, some of those playbooks can now be transferred into AI. Those three industries, I would say, or industries that have those three traits tend to be more receptive to AI adoption. And then on infrasight, there's just so much happening. Like, I truly think the whole stack is old categories are being reimagined. New categories are coming up. We actually open-sourced a lot of our research in what we call roadmaps that you can find on Bessemer's website. And for AI infrastructure in particular, there are six areas across model layer, orchestration, observability, data operations, model techniques, and also compute innovations. You can read in more detail what we're seeing in these sort of six verticals on the infrastructure side. But so much going on there that I think it takes probably take hours just to talk about it. And then that paper was published last year, and I would argue just within 12 months as well, a lot of things have changed. Amazing. Thank you. So I remember being in a meeting with Thomas about two years ago. We were all kind of whispering about AI. I won't tell you in too many details of who was in that room, but he had an interesting point that I'd love to reflect and have you speak to, even though I know at least a couple of you are heavily focused on infra. His comment was that in the fullness of time, when we think about kind of what's being developed, it's almost like an upside-down triangle, an inverted triangle, right? If you think of the bottom sliver of that triangle are like the infra providers, meaning like the chip, literal physical providers. There's going to be, let's say, a handful of those, whatever that number may mean, right? If you kind of go up, there's going to be a larger but still relatively smaller number of foundational model builders. And then as you continue to go up, again, picture this upside-down triangle. The base of the triangle, which therefore is at the top of this model that I'm drawing in my head, are the agents and the applications. And the point was, this was two years ago, Thomas saying, hey, we love what's happening in infra. We think there's magic happening in models. The future and the excitement for startups is at the agent and application level in terms of at mass. One, would you agree with Thomas Curian? No, I'm just kidding. I won't put it that way. But how would you respond to that thinking? Do you think there's something there? And kind of how would you help some of the attendees think about where they may fall in that stack? Whoever wants to. Crystal, you want to? I can go. I mean, I'm definitely broadly in agreement with, I think, that sort of prediction. And we're starting to see that play out, right? There are not hundreds of foundation models with real traction, right? There are dozens that matter. And then many that are, like, open source sort of, you know, adjacents. But that has been brought out to be true because the cost of creating something really novel that has any kind of performance edge is still extremely high. It's still very much gated by people, companies that can spend the money or raise the money. And then I think above that, there's an absolute explosion in apps, right? Like, and, you know, low-code app developers like Bolt in our portfolio has enabled, like, many people to create things that are pretty functionally mature, right, without actually having much technical expertise. So that explosion is happening. And in terms of sheer number, I agree with the triangle. I think the question is, that doesn't mean that any single party then at the top layer gets rich, right? It actually got harder, right? Now there's more competition. The barrier entry is even lower. So from an investor perspective, why I think most investors, when given the choice, leapt to foundation model infrastructure is like, okay, that's kind of defensible. There's IP there. So let's spend some time here. Then I think many of them got to the apps last, only because there was all this traction. But looking forward, what's getting harder and harder is, okay, this company, you know, seed funded, maybe has a couple million of ARR. It's going to have 10 competitors. And they're going to compete for market share. And the competitor doesn't have to play catch up for as long. You used to have a lead time of a year. Now your lead time might be like two weeks. And so how do you actually compound to something generationally big that investors are looking for? And I think that actually got much harder. That's fascinating. Any company? Any? Yeah. It's a great question. And my answer, once again, is yes and. Yeah. I am very bullish on apps. I'm incredibly bullish on apps. And I think there is a ton of opportunity at the application layer. Apps only work in AI with those lower levels, right? And by the same token, infra only becomes valuable if there are applications built on top. Great point. The dream of Frontier Models was building intelligence. And that always has been shaped and looking like lots of different applications. You're even seeing Frontier Model companies starting to push into apps and own the app service themselves. And they're doing that successfully to some degree. But really, infra is valuable when people build on top of it. So for infra investors to be successful in this environment, there need to be apps. For app investors to be successful, there needs to be strong infrastructure foundation. So the answer, I think, is yes and there's a ton happening in apps. There will be a ton of value creation that happens in apps. There's more room, as you described with your triangle analogy. I think there is just structurally more room. If you look at public markets, even, the volume of SaaS companies versus infra companies. Infra companies grow by being a core part of the stack. And there are not that many companies that can't do that, right? Like, there's just not that many vendors that software companies want to work with. And that's why there's more SaaS than infra. So I think that this is all part of an interconnected stack where there's innovation at every layer. Hardware, Frontier Models, apps. And the framing of AI is eating software. AI is eating hardware, too. AI is kind of eating everything in that sense. And I think what gets us very excited to be investing during this time is that every layer is being reinvented. That's the opportunity. So the answer is yes and for me. Very well said. I'll just add, again, very, very biased. I'm mostly infra investor. I think the prize in infra, again, combining the comments from both Molly and Crystal, the prize is huge. Like, I look at cloud, speaking at Google, next, like, look at the hyperscalers. It's much more concentrated. But the winners really, really win. Like, they're not decacorns. Like, these are hundreds of billions of market cap worth companies. I look at, so not just the hyperscalers, but I look at the era of, like, lake house, lakes and warehouses, snowflake, databricks, massive companies. Again, highly concentrated. If you do win the prize and as an investor, if you do partner with the best companies, like, you are looking at truly an outsized return. And I think you do have to be good at your job in that sense. You have less shots on goal and you want to be working with the best companies. But from an investor perspective, I actually like that risk-reward tradeoff. That's great. So let me shift a little bit and think about the life cycle of a company, maybe. We won't talk about AI, per se, but I want to talk a little bit about startups themselves. And then I want to talk about humans for a little bit before we run out of time. So when we think about startups themselves, and maybe, Crystal, I'll start with you, but would love to hear from all three of you on this. When you think about the early stage investment that you may make in a company, brilliant group of founders creating something incredible, changing the world, maybe lots of volatility. But they're in that initial kind of scale-up mode where they're finding product market fit. They're gaining their customers for the first time. What I'm asking is the shift from that mode to a little bit more sustainable growth. What does that look like? And what are you looking for in a startup to see that they've reached that fit and now they operate and they may look a little bit different? So what does that look like to you as an investor? Yeah, I think, obviously, if you're in the good fortune to have product market fit, you would see signals that you're resource constrained. And so a lot of times, and I think the time at which you would hire head of sales, head of engineering, maybe that gets pushed back because you can accomplish more with a founding team. So say you get to a couple million of ARR, but you start to feel like things are breaking. Like, oh, I sold this deal. Now I don't have enough capacity for deployment. They're asking for these three features before the upsell, and I can't do it. I'm dropping leads everywhere because I don't have enough people to call them back. They're going to feel this point where they have the pull from the market, but they can't address it. And I think that tends to be a good time to maybe raise more money or at least grow the team, spend more aggressively. But I think it'll be fairly obvious that that's happened because there'll be a lot of frustration about not meeting demand. Interesting. How would the two of you reflect on that? Similar or kind of complementary observations? I like that framing. When stuff's on fire, you probably have product market fit. I think it's a good rule of thumb. You probably do have product market fit. You probably do have product market fit. So I agree with Crystal in that sense. When stuff's on fire, PMF is likely there. That is a bad and good thing, right? The point I'll make about the AI native era and your question, Darren, around evaluating companies is related to what I made earlier, which is companies growing very quickly with small headcounts, so doing a lot more with less. We are in this paradigm now where we're seeing very young and, to some degree, small companies on a headcount basis grow super fast, hitting numbers that you maybe would have seen at a Series B a couple of years ago. You mentioned the benchmarks, Janelle, and 100% versus an order of magnitude greater that you guys are seeing, and I think that's consistent with our experience, too. So there is, I think, a challenge in this environment where companies are growing really quickly. You need to deeply understand the markets that you're investing in, and you need to have a notion of the teams that will win. And so I think for us, oftentimes that looks like teams with domain expertise. If we're looking at a category like sales, for instance, teams that know sales workflows, they've run sales teams, they understand the pain points, a very competitive market, but how do you find the people that are worth backing? In this environment where things are growing really quickly, things are really fluid, and it's oftentimes to assess whether product market fit stuff is on fire, but PMF is maybe kind of an early signal, and companies might flame out to some extent from there. It's something that we grapple with. Interesting. Janelle, what about your perspective? Yeah, we like using metrics to try and codify some of this. Again, efficiency score that I talked about, which is net new AR to net burn. We like companies to try and hit one because that helps you be sustainable. Another key metric for kind of making sure you have sustainable growth is to look at churn as well, especially in the early days of the AI age. Companies were growing very, very, very quickly, but come one year into that renewal cycle, they start having a leaky bucket problem. And so looking at churn for enterprise businesses, a metric I like to use there is net dollar retention, which kind of takes into account downsell, but also gives you credit for upsell and expansion. And so that's a good metric to look at. And usually if you're around, I would say the average benchmark for a good company is about 110, the best companies can get to 120, and then truly the hair on fire kind of really, really great product market fit companies are hitting, you know, sometimes over 200% net dollar retention. So it's a little bit hard to say now because we're in such early days, and a lot of new startups haven't hit the renewal cycle yet, but usually you want to try to solve for about 110, 120. Excellent. So there was a perfect segue because a couple of you mentioned the founder talking about humanity. So I want to segue into that before we run out of time because I, having never been in VC myself, I also do appreciate the fact that startups are also made up of human beings that are also doing really interesting things. So let's not talk about technology for a moment. I'd love to maybe, Molly, you can start. When you are considering making an investment, what are you looking for in the founding team, in addition to the concept, the idea, the solution? Can you speak to that? It's a really good question because the game is changing, but some of the rules are the same. And one of the central rules of venture goes back to Arthur Rock, one of the founders of the field, and his belief was back the best people. And I think that is still a central tenet of practicing this craft is find the best people, arm the best people, back the best people. So that is certainly, I think, a core tenet of doing this well, and perhaps even more important in this really fluid, really dynamic environment. The question is, what do the best people look like? What does best mean? And I think that great founders can take many different shapes and sizes, and it oftentimes depends on the kind of company that you're building. So I use the example of an application layer founder, an application layer company. I think what we look for oftentimes qualitatively in those founders is domain expertise. They understand the opportunity, the domain that they are trying to build in or sell into, understand the pain points, the workflows, super important, of course. The other piece that we look at is agility. So in this really shifting, fluid, technical environment where pieces of the stack are changing all the time, the ability to ride the wave and be agile technically, not accumulate tech debt in this environment, I think it's actually kind of hard, and not every founder can do that. So looking for that technical agility is important. So that's at the app layer. For some of the research-led teams we back, so frontier model companies, companies building deeper in the stack, there are two things. One is, of course, your ability to operate and drive the state-of-the-art, so that your demonstrated ability as a scientist, as a technologist, is critical, of course. But also critical is demonstrating that you are commercially obsessed. So best paper awards are not enough. That maybe won't be crazy here if I were at NeurIPS, which is the big AI conference that might send shivers in the room. But I know everyone here is commercially obsessed, so that's not anathema in this room. So NeurIPS Best Paper Award winning is not enough. You've got to be obsessed with the customer. You have to want to build a huge commercial engine. That's super helpful. Janelle, what about you when you think about founders? What are you looking for? Molly is spot on. And, again, I tend to work with founders from technical, academic research backgrounds. You do want to try to marry a visionary technologist with someone who has a lot of customer empathy or commercial expertise. It is so hard to find someone with these two. And so I think my philosophy in working with founders is that I love when they spike in one area. And usually, again, working with technical founders, they are the expert in their field of research, technology. They are taking a novel approach to something. They're very opinionated. I think it's really hard in infrastructure to be agnostic. And what I mean by that is, for instance, I would rather back a creator of an open source project than someone who's saying I'm aggregating different projects. And I think as an investor, that's part of the risk equation that you tie yourself to that project. You do your diligence to make sure that you feel like that project has a chance of success. And then as a firm or as a VC, I would say for those founders, I tell them to leverage myself and Bessemer and their other VCs for help on the go-to-market side, distribution side. And an interesting dynamic here for founders in the room is that when you are a founder, you're very concentrated in your portfolio. You are exposed to one company, the one that you're building. Versus a VC, we are diversified in a portfolio. And with diversification comes the benefit of leverage. And you should always lean on your VCs to help because they have leverage to go out and negotiate. Like, better, prefer pricing for model APIs or cloud compute and programs. And I think all our funds here do help our founders with that. And that's something you should definitely rely on your VCs to do. I'm not going to expect my former professor, well-published AI researcher, to go out and negotiate the best cloud compute deal. If he can or she can, great. But I think this is where you definitely bring in your support system and your investors to help with that. Great. Crystal, what do you think? I can talk maybe a little bit about the temperament, which is I think we really like people who have very strong proven resilience, hustle, just ability to survive. So that's instances where they survived multiple pivots or failures and now the company is working. You just know they just would not give up in the face of overwhelming advice. And so I really appreciate that kind of, like, fire. That's almost irrational, right? Because that's what takes you all the way and, like, lets you sort of survive anything else that comes up. And oftentimes that will come across in stories where this customer said, no, but I got them anyways. Like, I chased them down somewhere. Or, like, oh, our margins were all screwed up, but we fixed it. Like, the iterations that are very fast or sort of fixing problems I think is really interesting. And then I think the other thing is just, you know, yeah, to which I know, being very opinionated, right? And actually having non-obvious strategies that will work. And so, you know, sometimes we're, like, I want them to tell me that, like, my stupid VC questions are stupid, right? Like, why isn't your ACV higher? Like, oh, here's why that is. Here's what the experience is that let us there. Like, this is why we're doing this and it's going to work. Like, basically proving that they've deeply have experimented in that space and have insights that other companies don't have. That's great. Believe it or not, we're wrapping up our time. And I had a lot of other things that I wanted to get to of what's the chemistry like between the founder and the venture capital firm. You know, what would be the single piece of advice you would give the builders in the room? But I know this clock that's taking in front of us is going to send little shockwaves if I ask those questions. But I'd love for you, if you're able, to be available to folks as you're trying to escort yourselves out of the room. But I wanted to, first of all, thank the three of you. What a wonderful session. Incredible wisdom from all three of you. So, first of all, let's do a big round of thanks for our three venture capitals here. As I had mentioned, I see a bunch of phones up. This is the QR code for the recent AI study that I had mentioned. 23 folks giving a lot of fascinating insights into what we think is happening, what we think may or may not be happening, some headwinds, some opportunities. So, please check that out whenever you have the opportunity. And last but not least, as I said in the previous session, so I apologize if you heard me say this before, we truly do believe that especially when you're a founder and a builder, your most scarce resource is actually time. And so, the fact that you're giving us a little bit of your time today to be able to join us in this incredibly exciting discussion means quite a bit to us. What we want to do is return the favor. So, one, if you're a member of the Google team, I'd love for you to raise your hand. Apologies to embarrass you, but you see some hands up in the room. Make sure to find these individuals if you have questions or needs for additional assistance. We do believe we're building something special around AI. We do believe that we have a pretty incredible pure cloud platform that works quite well with an industry-leading AI platform. But what matters most to me and this team that raised their hand is we actually believe that the humanity being injected back into the cloud is what matters most to startups. So, that means giving you access to engineers, to support folks, to training, to product teams. We believe if we can meet you early and help you make really great technology decisions at the beginning, then we're both going to be able to do great things together. And you only do that when you have humans working together. So, we're excited to continue to build those relationships with you. Thanks for a wonderful time today and have a great rest of next. Thanks, everyone.