 Welcome, everyone. Welcome to day two. I hope you had a good evening. This session is about future-proofing and modernizing your SAP business processes with Google Cloud. We have a lot of content to cover today. We have four speakers, so we will not have time for Q&A, but I'm going to go through it very fast from our side and give our customers a chance to talk about their experiences and what they've done with Google Cloud. So we have Rachel, Lalit, and Julian. Okay, so what we're going to talk about is why our customers are picking SAP on Google Cloud. So Orica is going to talk, Rachel. And then we're going to talk a little bit about our partnership and have Lalit talking about Rise with SAP. And then we're going to talk a little bit about monetization and innovation of your business processes and what we're doing to help you enable that to take advantage of AI and analytics. And then we'll have Airbus talk and then we have a brief wrap-up. Okay, so why SAP on Google Cloud? First, I would like to thank our customers. These are recent customers that have signed with us, so we really appreciate them. We wouldn't be here without them. As you can see, some major logos here. And on the right, I just want to draw some attention to some of our customer go-lives because we want to celebrate those. So we have Vodafone Live Weather X4, which is our largest systems which we announced last year. Cardinal Health, who went live with Rise on 32 terabyte X4. Mercado Libre, we're our first customer to go live on 32 terabytes, and they're now in the process of migrating to Rise. Smith Foods, a very good use case of how they've used Rise, but also our ABAP SDK with our Gen AI to actually innovate their whole order processing and customer service approach, a really good process. And I want to give a big call out to Car4, who last weekend went live on X4, so our latest to join the club with X4 with our white glove service. And then we have a number of other customers that have gone live recently, so this is something that we would like to congratulate them and share with you. Okay. This is a lot of things content, but what I'll do is I'll cover it briefly. So we have really focused on a number of pillars on what we deliver for SAP. The first one is a very meticulous approach to reliability. We have the highest reliability of 99.95 for memory optimized, which we're extending across our fleet to actually smaller shapes as well. Performance. Obviously, we want to have the highest performing solutions for you to run your SAP systems, and this is where we have our X4 systems, which have the highest SAPs, and the new M4, which we're going to share in a few slides, is the first solution on Intel's fifth generation Emerald Rapids CPU for memory optimized, so this is large HANA systems. Scalability. We certified in December our X4 system to go up to 256 terabytes scale out. We actually have about 40% of all of SAP's scale out customers on Google Cloud. We're the first ones, and I think Lalit will talk about the first customer to go scale out on Rise. And then operations and security. We've been spending a lot of times what we call is AIOps, is how do we actually bring our AI solution to our system administration, and we're going to talk through a little bit on the opportunities of that. One key announcement we had is now we support SAP and Oracle. This is something as of since January. It's something we've been missing, and now we've worked with Oracle to get that fully supported with SAP. And then business transformation, we have the ABAP SDK, and we're bringing easier to consume and also provision your SAP data to be able to build AI-based applications. Okay. 99.95. This is something that we're really proud of, and we're actually, as I said, bringing across further parts of our fleet. There's key technologies that we use to enable this. Live migration, memory poisoning recovery. These large HANA systems have lots of DIMMs in the servers, so we have used our AI to actually predict when memory is going to fail and how to correctively, if you want to say correct the process and make sure your HANA system doesn't crash and also to proactively move you to a healthy server if we see a problem escalating in your server. So this ensures we're able to add, have more uptime for a single instance. AIOps, which we'll talk in the next slide, is really about how we're bringing AI to our operations tools but then also to your tools that you can run and deploy your SAP systems using AI and do root cause analysis, make sure you're having the best practices. And this is all powered by our titanium offload, which is our, if you want to say, server on a chip that we have on all of our servers that enable us to offload IO, networking, root of trust, encryption. So we give you the full CPU and memory, and that's hence how we're able to get the performance of these servers by using titanium. Okay, some announcements. M4, we just certified this. This is the first one using the fifth generation Xeon processor. We are extending memory optimized, which used to be one terabyte up to 32 terabytes, but now we're going down to 250 gig. So this means this SLA you saw before, 99.95, is now going down to the smaller one. So any server that you're running HANA on now has 99.95 reliability. This solution is a really major big step up in performance, up to 200% more SAPs than our prior generation solution, and it costs up to 50% less than our prior generation. So a big step up on that. Okay, next one is C4D. This is MD's fifth generation CPU. This is airy testing. It's currently in preview. We expect a GA in the next month or so, and this will be about 20% more performance, and where we see a lot of C4D will be this will become the new default for your application servers, the lowest cost and the highest performance for your application servers. And they will be certified at GA for NetWeaver. And then the final one is C4, which we were the first ones to release Emerald Rapids. This is really the heavy processing for non-HANA databases we typically see, so DB2, SQL Server, Oracle databases. And this is now currently in preview for Granite Rapids, which is the sixth generation CPU, so we're the first to market again with this. And this is something that you'll see coming in the next two to three months. Okay, AIOps. We spend a lot of time in AIOps, and probably a whole session in itself, and I'd say go down to our booth to see a presentation on this and a demo. But this really is about us deploying your system with best practices and continually analyzing your system to ensure it's meeting best practices. Also, when you're doing analysis of events that are in your infrastructure, it takes an SAP-centric view of it and provides you root cause analysis, recommendations on how to fix it. And additionally, it ensures that you're meeting all the security best practices that Google and SAP have defined. Okay, with this, I'd like to hand it off to Rachel. Thank you. I'm Rachel Sandel, Orica's Group's Chief Information Officer, based out of Melbourne. So I'm going to talk to you a bit today about our journey with SAP on Google Cloud, why we moved, and just some of the benefits we've seen and some of the lessons learned through going through this project. So just to tell you a bit more about Orica, we are one of the world's leading mining and infrastructure solution providers. We produce and supply explosives, so pretty memorable, blasting systems, mining chemicals, and we have geotechnical monitoring solutions and digital solutions. And our mission is to work along these with our customers to sustainably mobilize the Earth's resources. So Orica, we've been operating for over 150 years and a very rich history. We've got a global workforce. Yes, you can hear I'm Australian. Our headquarters is in Melbourne, but we've got people all around the world, 14,000 colleagues that we support, and we have customers in over 100 countries. So we work with surface, underground mines, quarries, construction, oil and gas operations. So let me take you on a bit of a history lesson, because a number of you, I'm sure, have SAP. Orica's origins has a tremendous history with SAP, dating back to our time with origins as ICI. We worked with, we were the first SAP customer over 50 years ago, and we helped the company go from punch guards into the first SAP R1. So there's a great YouTube video, I figured I should reference it, which will take you through a bit of the journey around how SAP first started and ICI's role in that. So Orica was part of ICI until 1997, and we'd been on SAP R3 since the mid-90s. And over that time, you can imagine, the business had transformed and changed quite a lot. At one point, we had 29,000 custom objects on our old instance. So when it came to 2016, it was decided that we really needed to significantly upgrade and transform our SAP environment, and moving from ECC6 to S4HANA. In 2020, Orica went live with our first SAP S4HANA Greenfields implementation to harmonize our global business processes onto a single instance, which I'll talk through about today. But I'd recommend you having a look at that video. It was a really good lesson in history. So Orica completed our SAP program, so it was called 4S. So that was Simple Standard Single SAP. And this was the cornerstone of our technology modernization journey. And this was unifying Orica's global operations from finance to supply chain to asset management to human resources, all on a single SAP instance. At the time, in 2020, Orica was one of the largest global adaptions of SAP's end-to-end tool set. We consolidated, as I mentioned, our entire business on this S4HANA core with seven cloud products around the edge. So this is a highly integrated solution, and it does everything from our customer demand, production of explosives, our track and trace system, invoicing. It is all SAP. So this platform was entirely cloud-based, and at the time of GoLive in 2020, we went live on Microsoft Azure. So the principles of this transformation was cloud-first, SAP-first, to really drive that consistency, integration, and automation. So with many, many years of multi-cloud experience, Orica had a lot of lessons over that time, and we were able to really leverage the flexibility that comes with cloud and choose the best provider based on cost, security, innovation, and what is the best cloud for that workload. So there was a logical point for us to review it heading into 2024. A number of our Azure reservations were coming up for renewal, and as a lot of people, as the environment had grown over that time, we had a number of staggered reservations. So there's never really a good time to review this in entirety. But we had the opportunity to look at it, and infrastructure had changed quite a lot over that period, and you can see from what Mike was talking about, it's coming a long way in leaps and bounds. Moore's Law is very much in action. And so we were also experiencing a number of challenges. So we had SAP performance-related issues. We recently, the year before, had upgraded our S4HANA to version 22, and we had performance-related issues in a number of reports and jobs, and we'd done everything we could on the application and the operating system layer. So now we wanted to look at application layer, and now we wanted to look more on the infrastructure and operating system layer. We also had some challenges with our hyperscaler cloud support. Microsoft, unfortunately, did no longer offer premier support, so we elected to go to a third party to provide the equivalent, and unfortunately, when we really needed this support, it wasn't available to us. So we did have some support-related challenges with our hyperscaler. Backup time also is increasing significantly because of the growth we'd experienced. The backup time was significantly driving up, and that was something we needed to look at. And then, finally, we'd had some challenges in responding to the business needs around business intelligence and analytics reporting, and really accessing some of the innovations around SAP. I mean, we've got the benefit of having a single data source in our organization consolidated on it, but we hadn't been able to exploit the advantages around data and analytics related to SAP. So following this detailed review of our SAP infrastructure, we elected to go down the process of modernizing, optimizing, and really looking at opportunities to unlock the potential with data analytics and AI around SAP, considering the significant investment the organization has made around SAP. So Google's capability and when Google came into play, about two years ago, our leadership team went out to the campus in Sunnyvale, and we really got to know a bit more around the partnership between SAP and Google Cloud. And not just the infrastructure, which is incredibly impressive around things like the uptime and backup solutions, but it was also around the data analytics and AI and some of the accelerators on the journey, which was really impressive. So when we were looking at our different options and assessing the pros and cons for the SAP workload, early in 2024, we made the decision to move our SAP from Microsoft Azure to Google Cloud. From a business perspective, this was an under-the-hood move. So I said, business, don't worry, you're not going to notice anything. But what we did in the background was really making sure that we're testing and making sure the performance is improving for our end users. So I just want to touch on some highlights up here. So we were the first customer in Australia Pacific to move our workload from Microsoft Azure to Google Cloud Platform. The team was able to do this in 83 working days, which is a huge, huge achievement. And we did this with our own Orica internal team, as well as the Google Professional Services Organization and Augmented by Partners. So this is a huge feat for those of you that have been working in this space for a long period of time. I did have someone ask me recently, they're like, isn't it just a copy and paste? I'm like, not quite. So 83 working days, very proud of that achievement. Some of the other benefits I just want to touch on, we were able to get improved performance out of the system. We had some of our monthly jobs performing, one around SAP IBP, and we were able to reduce how long that job taken by 50%. And originally, we had to run it on the weekends, and now we no longer have to do that. We also saw improvements across our Fiori response times, and we also saw it on our S4HANA core response times per users. So while the users may not notice the difference, we are very confident that this has sped up the performance of the system and a better user experience. Cost optimization, very important and sits near and dear to me. I mean, that was a big factor in this as well. We've been able to save and make sustainable savings ongoing through right sizing and through the relationship with Google Cloud. Backup times. This was one that was never a planned benefit, but one that we were able to really improve. There was a new backup solution called BUDR, which I'd recommend people have a look at. We were able to dramatically reduce our backup and recovery times. In Azure, and there was a factor around the growth of the system, it could take from 6 to 16 hours to perform a backup. Now we're seeing it under 20 minutes. So in the event of a disaster, we'd be able to recover very, very rapidly. Since also moving to Google, we've been able to pilot a number of use cases using the Google Cortex framework, which will accelerate our time to insight through faster deployment of these accelerators. So still early days, but very, very promising. And finally, really importantly, our shift to Google Cloud and that combination allows us to bring AI to our SAP data and really unlock the value in that data, transforming it to actionable insights that now people can interact with in different ways. So we've now integrated Google's AI platform and combined this to inform an intelligent data warehouse, and we're starting to see some really promising results. I'll just share one example where we've really brought AI to our data across our supply chain to improve demand planning. So with just our SAP data and our SAP actuals, we've been able to train our own custom AI models, and it's given us the ability to forecast our customers' demand for our products. We've started with our North America business, and we've developed our own AI model, leveraging 50,000 machine learning models to predict the demand for every possible SKU combination. So Orica's custom-built model outperformed all other solutions. We did a bit of a bake-off with, obviously, the statistical model and the Excel spreadsheets with seven off-the-shelf products. So to date, we've been able to achieve 10% better sales forecast accuracy, which is fantastic. And this will mean fewer missed revenue opportunities and better trade working capital. So this, as I mentioned, we're starting with North America, but we plan to scale this out. And this is just one example around AI's capability, using AI on SAP data and generating real value for the organization. Okay, to wrap up, finally I want to close on just some of our learnings, because I thought if I was sitting here, what would I want to know going through a move of your hyperscaler? So the foundations for Google Cloud were new for Orica. It's a new cloud. There was a lot of learning and upskilling of our own team and our partners, but we also took this as an opportunity to simplify, modernize, and right-size our environment. We did underestimate how many decisions we'd make throughout the life of this project, but since there's focus and a dedicated team on it, we thought it was worthwhile. An example would be we've moved to all Linux-based operating systems to simplify that ecosystem, and we had a bit of a blend before. We also looked at, assessed the backups, as I mentioned. We went to the BUDR solution. We looked at our HA and DR, and it gave us a really good opportunity to look at opportunities to simplify this further and reduce complexity. So just make sure you factor in a little bit of time to go through those additional decisions. The second one I'll touch on is not everything... So not everything makes sense to migrate. We were not able to move everything, and it just didn't make sense. So you need to review every single application and integration. Lost my microphone. Here we go. Cost, risk, and technical limitations with the timeline you have available to you. So you need to make sure you look at every application closely. Testing. You can never do too much testing. I'm sure there were some opinions that we went overboard on testing. We wanted to ensure that the performance improved, as we said, because this is a significant move going from Azure to Google Cloud. So we looked at all the performance from our load. We looked at some of the troublesome reports, SAP reports we had, some of the jobs, and also pay very close attention to your integration and testing and what the plan is there. And finally, leverage partnerships. So while I mentioned that Oracle and Google Cloud work really close together in partnership to deliver this, there was also an extended ecosystem. We had SAP helping us with quality assurance. We had a lot of testing expertise. We did, Essentia helped us on some of the applications and reports. We had LTI Mindtree help us with some of the load testing. And we had Cognizant who provide some of our cloud support, help us with our cutover and transition. So partners are really an extension of the Oracle team. So that piece is also crucial for your success. So with that, hopefully you were able to learn some things today around our journey. and I'll hand that back to our fantastic partners at Google Cloud. Thank you, Rachel. I'm not sure how much I can add to the great success story you had there. So as Rachel mentioned, we have a very tight relationship with SAP and a co-innovation relationship. We've been working with SAP for a decade. SAP develops a lot of its products on Google Cloud, including BTP, S4 HANA Cloud, also they're a big consumer of Google services, as you can imagine. We are also a customer. So just like you, we're a customer, just like Rachel and just like Julian. Alphabet runs S4 HANA. We're a scale-out customer. We are customer zero. We test everything our engineering team builds on Alphabet first. Waymo and Verily are S4 HANA public cloud customers. And also we're a co-innovation partner. So things like the treasury module in S4 HANA, that was a co-innovation with Alphabet. So it's something we have a long history with. And moving on, we want to make some announcements that we have with SAP. So we have new SAP BTP regions that got announced. I know Michael Ameling mentioned the kingdom of Saudi Arabia yesterday. We actually have two BTP solutions for that. We also have added Osaka and San Paolo. So that gives us 10 SAP BTP regions that are available on Google Cloud. The second region, why you might say, why do we have two BTP regions in Saudi Arabia, is one is for non-regulated, which is the traditional, and then we have one for regulated businesses. So the first one for public sector regulated businesses in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In addition, we are working heavily with SAP AI core. And this was the announcement you heard also with TK mentioned in the keynote. We're working together with SAP and their AI core and Vertex and our Gen AI models to make them interoperable. So we've got a long process that we've going to work there together and also obviously data sphere integration with BigQuery. And now I'd like to invite Lalit. Mike, thank you. Hello, everyone. A warm welcome from my side. Good morning. My name is Lalit Patil. It's a little bit of a typo there. I'm the CTO of Arise with SAP. It's a very exciting phase of the partnership that we have with Google Cloud Platform. And we are very proud to be associated with Alphabet as well. And many thanks for being our customer, Rachel. So it's exciting to see the journey that you have been. What I want to do today is to really provide you a little bit insights into SAP strategy. What is SAP strategy going forward? How do we want to help our customers modernize their business? And one of the vehicles to do that with Arise with SAP, of course. Of course, with the logo Bring Out Your Best, I think you would hear this quite often. I think what we want to really get out of from our customers is to really getting the best out of their business processes, to really help them leverage the latest technologies, be it AI, be it all the innovations that we are seeing when it comes to data management, and much more enhanced end-to-end supply chains which are resilient. I mean, we see how the world is going today with a lot of unpredictability. And how does SAP and its strategy helps with partnering with partners like Google to really support bringing out your best? It's very important for our customers to really see how their businesses navigate through the uncertainty that we are seeing today. And, of course, it's not a one-size-fits-all approach. Every business is different. And within the businesses, of course, we have to cater to a lot of different personas in the company. Of course, a CFO of a company has his or her eye onto the financials, right? How are we able to navigate through the financials? Keep an eye on the TCO. When it is a CPO, how the processes are working in a much more efficient and speedy manner, how do you get more intelligence associated with those processes? How these processes are end-to-end, and basically, you get all insights while that entire business process is running through the company. And then it goes through all of these personas with chief revenue officer looking at is there a faster time to market? Are we getting enough revenue for the respective products and so on? And of course, the CIO who needs to ensure that there is a robust foundation of your IT assets. And I think this foundation needs to be scalable. It needs to be given to give the best return of invest of all the investments that you are making for your IT infrastructure. And keeping in mind all of those different needs of the different, let's say, executives in the company, what we did was to really look into this holistically and provide a foundation that would go into each of these dimensions that you see. And the way we look at it is a really co-existence of three main layers, of course, at the application layers. And I mean, we spoke about SAP ERP as a foundation, S4HANA being our latest and greatest ERP solution, but a host of applications around that, which is covering all your business, all your critical business processes. So, I mean, you've got SAP Conquer for travel management success factors when it comes to HR-based systems, HCM, so to say, and so on. So you have a set of applications, and quite frankly, also for some of our customers, these are non-SAP products. So you would have that application layer, which is basically covering your business processes end-to-end. But what it also does is creating a lot of data, right? Data that is basically going into how are you going to do your businesses today, or, you know, how critical business processes are being executed, and so on. And I think it's important to have that data into a single plane of glass where you would not lose, you know, the importance of that data, but at the same time, you are able to curate that with industry-leading solutions. And as you know, without a robust data strategy, AI is of no use. So there is, at the topmost layer, an AI-based engine, and we have a business AI, because we have access to the business-related data of your systems, right? So I think that's that three-tier strategy, which is holistically designed to, you know, give the most out of the SAP products that you are using. And I think this is then, you know, the SAP strategy in a nutshell. What we basically have, simplified speaking, is a business suite first, so suite first and AI first strategy. What does that mean is, right at the heart of our strategy is, of course, our core product, which is the cloud ERP, right? And there are two variants to that. One is the private cloud edition, and the other one is the S4 public, which is more SaaS in nature, more multi-tenant. But that's at the core of our business. We recently made an announcement of business data cloud, basically a SaaS product, which is ensuring that all the data is aggregated, be it from your SAP ecosystem, or your non-SAP ecosystem, have a partnership with Databricks, and to really give you that context that is very important to your data. Data without context is just plain data files, and then you need to really curate that, and that is an additional effort which you want to reduce. But BDC is basically answering that, but what it also does is give that data or presents that data to the business AI layer, and the business AI, with the help of Juul, is going to be completely revolutionizing how you access that data from SAP applications. I mean, you've been using different UIs for SAP products. Going forward, we envision that the Juul co-pilot is going to be your interface, which is going to give you insights into all of those SAP products. And of course, it covers, we as SAP have really had that expertise with industry standard business processes, but very important is the different industries. Over the period of 50 years, I think we have really mastered that business process related information for all the industries. And that's basically what our strategy is, and we want to really present that with the use of the SAP business suite. And I'm going to talk a little bit about Rise with SAP, because the way we see it as, and I spoke about this, no two customers are the same, right? One size does not fit all. And the way we see this is, if the customers are going into that transformation journey, we need to offer them options how to go with that journey. They can start based on their pace and basically adopt modern technologies in order to innovate further. And we see there are two journeys, one destination, which is the SAP business suite, independent of how you take that journey. And one big one is the Rise with SAP, which is basically looking into existing customer base who are using legacy products, ECC6 being one of them, but also there are some other SAP products. How do we modernize or help our customers to modernize those legacy applications to the SAP business suite, which is the state-of-the-art modular ERP system with, you know, the data access and the AI that I was just talking about. So let's go a little bit more deeper into the Rise with SAP and the partnership that we have with the Google Cloud folks. So we had, I mean, it was, this partnership started on day zero of Rise with SAP. So in 2021, I still remember, end of January, this is when we launched Rise with SAP as a business transformation as a service for our customers. So it's not only a technology shift to move from, let's say, you know, your existing infrastructure to, let's say, SAP managed infrastructure running on hyperscalers, but it also modernizes your processes. And there we partnered with industry leaders and on day zero we had that partnership with Google Cloud. And since then, it's a very exciting journey, very successful one, 42% year on year customer growth. We have grown to a very strong 640 plus and it's increasing by the day. You also heard Mike speak a lot about some of the co-innovations that we did. And one of the most prominent ones is the 32 terabyte instance or the X4, which is, and I'm really proud of that partnership that we did there, where SAP and Google really partnered there, ensured that it is designed to run workloads which are mission critical, but also very performant, very dependent on performance. So X4, and you saw the adoption, we see the largest customers on the planet using X4 now. There is a huge demand on that and we are really looking into different scenarios on how to offer that to our customers. How do we use scale-up, how do we use scale-out based architectures for the 32 terabytes. We have more than 21,000 SAP systems running today on GCP. I think this is significant and I think with the team that we have, we have an on-site team in Waldorf, but there is also a global team. I work very closely with Shovic who is also here from GCP and we really partner to look into different aspects. It's not only how much is the compute, but we also look into performance indicators. Do we have the right network set up? Are we having the right storage options in there? Not to mention about business continuity options. You need to have a robust high availability disaster recovery strategy. As we move into a world where everything starts to become more fragmented and at the same time, sovereignty is taking over with the assured workloads that you were just talking about, Mike, earlier. That is one of the very important parts of our portfolio that we are offering to mainly in the EU, but also now extended onto the Middle East and several other locations there. Then, again, I was just talking about all of these things. I want to really focus on one important area where we are partnering with and I think it's incomplete if you don't partner with Google and there is no AI mentioned in there. They are the pioneers when it comes to AI and it's no different what we do. Not to confuse this with business AI. Business AI is what we do to embed AI into our business processes and really make that modern ERP with the SAP business suite. But the AI that I'm talking about here is AI. ops, which means embedding AI-based capabilities into operational processes. Not only doing build-up of systems on day zero, but day one and day two approaches where you monitor the system. You need to be a little bit ahead of the curve. Do pattern recognition. How do we ensure that your systems are running at the higher stability and so on. Looking into modern approaches like agentic AI. If there has been one word that we have seen in the last couple of days here in the summit, it's been agentic AI. It's all about agents and we are hiring those agents so to say also for our AI ops. We already have a couple of scenarios, one prominent one being an AI-driven root cause analysis. Basically, a very simple use case to be honest with you, but it's also quite important because in the past it took us up to eight to ten days to come out with what exactly went wrong when there were certain problems. If it's infrastructure capability going down, like a server going down or so on, it's an easy problem, so to say. But if it's a performance issue, it can be anywhere from infrastructure going on to your application layer. Then you need to really look into all of those areas. With the AI-driven approach, we are able to now really, in a very fast manner, look into the entire telemetry. With the use of Gemini and the power of Gemini, we are able to really get into an automatically curated AI, which is also readable. I mean, technicians like us are really good into solving technical problems, but not necessarily writing humanly understandable root causes, and that's where the AI also helps us a little bit. We talked about 99.95. This is also one of the major things that we are co-innovating with the GCP folks, which will be available at the end of the year, 99.95 SLA availability to reduce unplanned outages. I think, stay tuned for that. I think this is going to be really industry leading, and we are not only trying to focus on unplanned outages, but the plan is also to look into plan maintenances, because this is a big part of the lifecycle of a typical SAP technical landscape, and with planned outages, if you are able to reduce that with near-zero downtime methodologies, embedding AI-based approaches in that, you are able to really give that uptime towards the businesses, because that's what they need to run the mission-critical approaches there. Some more things on AI-driven root cause analysis. Like I said, it takes now less than 30 minutes to get it. There is an 80% reduction into RCA processing, and ultimately, you know, it is improving a lot of customer experience with this AI approaches. 99.95, I spoke about it. I think it is going to be, when you look at purely from an infrastructure perspective, the SLA is much more higher there. Four nines of availability on VMs, I think, when it comes to file store, it is even further more, and I think that's that aggregated SLA that then, you know, goes into that entire infrastructure stack and so on. So, I'm really excited about when we launch this for our Rise customers. I want to give an example of Mahindra. Mahindra is an SUV manufacturer in India. This was the customer that Mike was mentioning, one of the pilot customers where we ran scale-out for S4 HANA, the first customer in the industry, running very successfully, and it's not only that. I mean, with the move to Rise and, you know, to really leverage that reference architecture, which is very unique in the market, they were able to really get a lot of benefits, and some of them, 35% increase in developer efficiency. So, with the help of S4 HANA and the modernized ERP stack, developers are getting really efficient and able to really get much more faster when it comes to bringing out newer capabilities. This has directly impacted the time to market for them. They are able to now release seven times faster newer models in the market. And you know that how is the electric vehicle market right now. It is a lot of competition. It's the first mover advantage, and Mahindra is able to really leverage from that. They launched a couple of new EV models, I think, six months ago, much ahead in the Indian market, and I think they are really leveraging, you know, the platform on which they are able to build that up. And 20% faster execution of auto processing. So this is powered by state-of-the-art infrastructure set up from GCP. And I think that joint partnership that they get with business process expertise from SAP and unprecedented infrastructure expertise from GCP, that's what Mahindra is basically leveraging from. There are many such examples. There is Asian Paints, which is a leader in Paints in India. We heard about Mercado Libra, Vodafone. I mean, there is a set of large customers who are running their very complex IT environments onto Rise, and I think that's what we are really basically unlocking the tremendous potential that we have to order. Not only from, like I said, business process level, business AI, data management, but also infrastructure level capabilities where we want to now leverage the power of Gemini into operational processes and so on. I think that's the partnership with Rise, and with that, I hand it over to you, Mike. Thank you, Lalit. So moving on to Modernize, I have a couple of quick things because we want to get to Julian. A couple of announcements. This is a lot of things on this slide, but we have an ABAP SDK. It's generally available for you to deploy on any SAP system, any ABAP system, on-premise, on cloud, on BTP. The latest release, we have SDKs for Vertex AI, for a BigQuery streaming toolkit, and also Firebase integration, and at the end of the month, we'll go from 80 services to 250 Google services, which all have endpoints automatically built into ABAP. So this is really about how you're able to seamlessly integrate those solutions, and as you can see, if you have time to look at the picture, this really gives you the ability to bring all of the Google innovations to your business process and actually embed them into the language of ABAP and into your business applications themselves. I just want to give one quick shout-out. We are working with ABAP and Gen.AI, so this is something where we're looking at code assist to actually write your ABAP code. We're also looking at automatically generating documentation and system diagrams for your existing ABAP code, and also optimizing if you're going from your legacy ABAP to your clean core, where actually we'll make recommendations based on what you're using currently and what the new solution is and what the remediation of your code is. And this is something where we have a call out to you. We're actually starting a design partner process with customers, so if you're interested, reach out to your account executive who will reach out to us, so we want to work with you on how we develop and build this for ABAP just like we do for the languages. And with that, I want to hand over to Julian to talk about Airbus's journey. Thank you, Mike. I'm excited to be here because we are not going to speak about the future, but actually flying there thanks to Airbus, Google, Cloud, and SAP. So Airbus is a global aerospace pioneer working with several divisions. We have the commercial aircraft division, the helicopter division, and the defensive space division. And we really want to pioneer sustainable aerospace for the safe and united world. We are located worldwide and with more than 100,000 employees. In terms of aircraft family, we have several aircraft. We have the single lales and the wide body family. But today, we are going to speak what did happen with the A220. The A220 is a modern aircraft designed in 2000s with both in mind, I would say, airline efficiency, as well as well, sustainable impact on the industry. But this aircraft was not originally designed by Airbus. Indeed, seven years ago, Airbus acquired the Bombardier C-Series, which becomes this Airbus A220 family. But now, with production lines stretched from Quebec, Mirabel, to Mobile, Alabama, we have a sore need to be able to ramp up. And to be able to ramp up, we need to have a full autonomy on our digital system. Indeed, since the acquisition, Airbus employees were using Bombardier Digital Landscape to be able to make it work. And to be able to ramp up, we were able to need it to have an autonomy program to cut this umbilical link and to get the capacity to innovate and modernize on our environment. Airbus, expertise on cloud, is wide, I would say. We started more than 10 years ago, and we worked on GCP, AWS, and Azure. We migrated in eight years ago on Google Workspaces, and at the same time, it was our first experience on GCP where DiffinSpace was using GCP to store satellite data, so same satellite images that was used by Google for their maps and Earth product. So why going to the cloud? We already had a transformation program, but it was experimenting delay. Why? Because we are highly regulated industries, and we are some technical complexity. Going to the cloud and leveraging those technologies allowed us to go further. It was also key to create the team to work on this. When I say the team, it was with Google, PSO, IBM, and Airbus to be able really to work together to manage the tagline. In terms of principle, it was easy on the paper. When I say easy, for strategic reason, Bombardier decided to migrate their data center to Google Cloud. And what we did is a copy-paste from their environment to Google, to Airbus' environment. environment. But in terms of sizing, we had 400 low complexity applications and 100 high complexity applications. If I have to take an analogy, for when you are moving a house, 400 boxes of T-shirts and books, quite easy. 100 boxes of china and glassware, you have to be careful. Especially as not all the boxes had to be moved. And if we talk about this new house, of course, located on GCP, but we have four main backbones. We are using BMS for the Oracle part, GCE for the compute part, a big rest of the environment is located on GCVE, and IP4G. Both of the environment is where SAP is running on. And all of this is connected to a worldwide network, where our customers, suppliers, and employees can connect to it, as well access to the rest of Airbus application landscape. Connected to such a large network comes with network security, as much as the project manager was joking saying, at the end, it was only a big firewall project. And if we do a zoom on SAP in 820, we are using it in the full lifecycle of the aircraft, from the product definition and design to the quality and maintenance. Speaking. We are using DAS, but I will skip for the sake of time, to consume the application because we have legacy binaries, and we are going to do a transformation to make it work. We need to do a transformation to make it work. Security is not an option, and this migration, it was key because we are moving from a perimeter-based security absorption, where Airbus is more a zero-trust approach in the security model. So we need to do some adaptation, and GCP technical capabilities were key here. But we need to do some trade-off to secure the migration today. Because on the new year, on the January 25th this year, we started the migration during one week. During one week, we migrated all the data, not everything went smoothly. We had to do some 10,000-fade surgery to make it work. But at the end, we were able to land it smoothly, and everyone were able to make it work when they come back to work. So it's now key that we are able to ramp up the production, and we are fully able now to progress, modernize, and secure our future. And if you want to look ahead if we're not entirely safe, we've built a way from top, and the managers were talking about military training, we're going to put a problem in the quarters, using theoga field and the Fabric bios, Soviet assistance. And again, we wiem we need toentre the model and we have to set up just a different process. So we've done some more policycu banal, and we're good to race ahead. And so we're still happening on every two of our Launch Sense当 Ajax if you're considering your 확인 among other technologies or cars. So it was really really you know the way to make this. So there's certainly how that's our progress with a special immigration for IP4G to GCEVM. And on this, I'm going back for the mic. Thank you. And thank you, Julian. Thank you, Rachel. Thank you, Lalit. I know we're at the end of time. Julian has a session with his team that will go into more detail at 2 o'clock in the solutions area in the expo hall. And for questions on RISE, Lalit and his team are all at the SAP booth. And if you want to see more about what we're doing and our innovations, you can come to the Modern Infrastructure booth in the expo floor. And you can see, for example, our AI ops tool. There's nice demos there. We can actually show and step through you with you. And I would just like to thank you, customers, for being our customers. It's really a privilege that we have to work with you and to work with SAP to deliver solutions for you. So please enjoy the rest of the conference. And also, please provide feedback on the session. So thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.