 Hello everyone, my name is Per Jacobson. I'm a principal engineer in the Cloud Databases group. I'm here to talk to you about superpowers for building apps on Google Cloud Databases. In other sessions here at Next, you've seen how Gemini Code Assist gives you access to software development AI agents that can help you with coding tasks, writing code, fixing bugs, writing tests and more. But as we all know, a core building block of any application is the database. And to get real development superpowers, we want these AI SDLC agents not only to know how to work with code, they also need to understand databases. Let's switch to a demo and get a feel for what we're talking about. Here we're writing a customer class where we store customer data and we want to load this information from a database. We use the Google Databases tool in Gemini Code Assist to have it generate the code for us. This is now pulling in information from both the database and your code base to be able to produce the correct code. And here we switch to the preview to see what has been changed. And here we can see some database infrastructure code that's been generated as well as a SQL query that most importantly uses correct table and column names directly from your database. And we can now accept this code, build it and test it with the rest of our application. So what's powering this system? There are two main ingredients at work. First we have Gemini. Second we have what we call database context. Let's start with Gemini. What we need here is a large language model that truly understands databases and SQL. A big focus area for us has been to make Gemini better at database tasks. There have been dramatic improvements with recent versions of the model like Gemini 2.5 compared to older iterations. For example, Gemini-based systems have been achieving very competitive scores on BIRD, the industry standard text-to-SQL benchmark. Second key ingredient here is database context. What do we mean by that? Imagine yourself down in front of a database that you have never seen before and someone asked you to write a query to solve a problem. What are the chances that you could write a correct SQL query in that situation? It would be very difficult. To be able to do this job you would need to understand the schema, the data, the application, and the semantics. And that's not only true for a human. The same goes for your AI agent. So what we want to make sure here is that the SDLC agents can access critical context like schema, data, examples, or even documentation or code. This all comes together in Gemini Code Assist with the Google Database tool. This tool understands your Google Cloud Database and integrates with Google Code Assist in the IDE. It is available now in public preview. Another place where you can see Gemini SQL capabilities in action is in the Cloud SQL AlloyDB and Spanner Studios in the Cloud Console. The Help Me Code tool lets you define tasks or questions against your database in natural language and it will automatically generate SQL for you. Finally, we are open sourcing two other exciting projects closely related to AI SDLC and databases. Both are available on GitHub right now. First up is EvalBench. As you probably know, a very important part of building AI systems is to be able to run reliable evaluations. EvalBench is the framework we developed to be able to measure the quality of AI agents that interact with databases. You can now use it for your own AI workloads. We are also open sourcing the Context Enrichment tool. This is an early prototype version of work we are doing. It uses Gemini to inspect your database schema, the database contents, your documentation, and generates the aggregated contents that gets attached to your database. This can be used to power up AI agents by giving them more relevant information to work with. Thank you so much for watching. We hope you enjoy these new tools that we have released and remember to use your superpowers for good. Guys, you can shop for great blocks. Usually one of the biggest fans can make your mutta'bereinsstein that has quickly because manager at the end of the world is very important. Visit our website. If and by Note for processoください, let's do it again. We'll see you there. I'll see you there.