 Hey folks, my name is Johnny Burke. I'm a senior product manager at Google Workspace, and today I'm going to talk about our secure and compliant collaboration for regulated industries. Okay, so let's start at the top. What can Google Workspace do for you? It can help you simplify your compliance strategy by offering a secure by design infrastructure, granular encryption, technical data access controls, and industry certifications all in a single cloud instance without the need for custom clients. Google is uniquely positioned to block government overreach and prevent access to that data with technical, not just contractual boundaries, all in a modern browser-based secure environment. Here are some examples. Ensuring that our customers' data is safe, secure, and always available is one of our top priorities. Customers who handle personal health information are subject to the requirements of HIPAA. Google Workspace and cloud identity can support HIPAA compliance, highlighting our privacy capabilities. The FedRAMP-HI authorization illustrates our commitment to ensuring that sensitive government data is rigorously protected, enabling agencies to innovate and serve their constituents with unwavering trust. Google Workspace Assure Controls Plus can help organizations meet CMMC 2.0 compliance requirements without the need for a separate GovCloud and at a significantly lower cost than competing solutions. And we're really pleased to announce that Google Workspace will be FINRA compliant by the end of this quarter. Enterprise Ready Workspace can help keep highly regulated financial services companies adhering to the required SEC regulations. In addition, we'll be rolling out dedicated support for DORA regulations and for the EU and OSFI regulations for Canada, supporting our customers with their business continuity needs. We are also extending Workspace compliance capabilities to Gemini for Workspace. We're proud that Gemini has received a comprehensive set of safety, privacy, and security certifications, which show that our practices and commitments have been validated by trusted, independent auditors. In contrast, other AI assistants do not have the same level of external compliance validation. Last November, Gemini was the first AI assistant to achieve ISO 42001, the world's first international standard for AI management systems. Since then, we have made significant progress to meet the needs of our regulated customers. If you do business with the US government, you often need FedRAMP-high for compliance. Gemini is the first generative AI assistant to achieve US FedRAMP-high and the German BSI C5 attestations. As a proof point for our continued investment in compliance, we are also really proud to announce a new set of features in our client-side encryption suite. Client-side encryption for Google Workspace is a Google Workspace only feature, and we're really proud that it's the most granular, sovereign, and compliance control anywhere in cloud productivity software. So, first up is end-to-end encrypted mail for enterprise. This allows you to send encrypted mail to anyone at any email address on any device. No need for S-MIME certs, revoke user access after send, and it's sovereign email with your customer keys controlled outside of Google infrastructure. Our launch for this is coming in Qtree in 2025, and we have a preview available today. To continue that journey of investment, we're also improving the user capabilities when we are in Docs, Sheets, and Slides. So, it suggests that edits in Google Docs CSE format, import and export Word and Excel files, eDiscovery Vault and Takeout. It allows you to take legacy file formats from different providers, import them into sensitive CSE mode, work on them with collaborators, and if needed, export them back out to the format they came in. This is launching in Qtree 2025. We're also very excited to announce that through our partnership with Thales, we're bringing post-quantum protection to Workspace CSE. We are the only cloud productivity suite that protects your data from quantum attacks like Harvest Now to Decrypt Later, and that quantum resilience now includes Gmail. The launch for this is later this year in H2 2025. And finally, as a continued commitment to our admin, to our Google Workspace administrators, we're announcing policy-based CSE for Google Drive. This is a way to dynamically and automatically protect your most sensitive data. You set the condition, you enforce client-side encryption, it gives you organizational-wide coverage, and it's applied to the specific file when you need it. This will be in preview in H2 2025. Thank you so much for following along. If you'd like to learn more about our innovations in this space, please download our Gemini Security Whitepaper.