 . Please welcome Google Workspace Vice President Yuli Kwon Kim. . Hello and welcome. It's fantastic to be back at Cloud Next with you all. What a time to be involved in technology. It feels like every day there's a headline about a new AI tool or breakthrough. And I know many of you are trying to navigate through this whirlwind, trying to figure out the right AI strategy for your team. And let's be honest, amidst all the buzz and hype, the real challenge is cutting through the noise to figure out the right investments that will help your team achieve your most important goals. And last year we saw incredible enthusiasm with more than 100,000 customers adopting our Gemini AI add-on for Workspace. But it also reinforced our core belief. AI isn't just an add-on. It's fundamental to the future of work. We believe every employee should be empowered by AI in their daily work. So this year we made a big move. We added the latest AI features to our core Workspace plans. No add-ons required. Now Gemini helps every business user in the Workspace apps they use every day. And today, Workspace provides business users more than 2 billion AI assists per month. Think about that. That's billions of moments when AI is helping people to draft emails and write docs and capture meeting notes and create spreadsheets and so much more. And at that scale, we get a lot of feedback on what's working and how we can make the product better for you. So please keep the feedback coming. And we're not slowing down. Today, we'll take you through some of our new products and capabilities for Google Workspace. You'll see how customers are driving results with Workspace. And you'll even hear directly from two of our incredible customers. Our customers are doing truly inspiring work with AI. Let's take a look. We are scattered all over the globe. It's just bonkers to try to get everyone to collaborate. Keeping up with my email has always been really, really difficult. Is there anything more intimidating than a blank white page? But where do you begin? It's more important than ever that you have tools to work more quickly and efficiently together. Using Help Me Write, we're able to save 35 hours a month for product descriptions for our website. We are leveraging Meet to take notes, summarize them, and generate action items after the meeting so that we can be really present and focus on the content. When you're developing a deck or a pitch for a client and you're coming up with ideas and you need to visually manifest those ideas, that used to take days. And now with the right prompts, we can do that in hours. We have to worry less about security because we know Google has our back. Security played a big part of the decision to move from the legacy on-premise tool set to Google Workspace. The impact of Gemini for Workspace in our business has been really transformative. AI is enabling entirely new ways to understand complex information. People love how Notebook LM helps you understand highly technical concepts or dense information. For instance, upload 20 analyst reports on your competition. You can get a high-level summary or an engaging podcast-style audio overview of key findings you can listen to on the go. Seeing how much people value audio inspired our next step. We're bringing audio directly into Google Docs. Soon, you'll be able to create full audio versions of your docs or handy podcast-style overviews for just the highlights. This is fantastic for preparing for a talk like this one. You can listen to the full script for awkward phrasing or get quick audio briefings for colleagues. We're also adding audio chips, short, playable snippets embedded right within your docs. These audio capabilities represent an entirely new way to interact and understand information in docs. And they'll be available in alpha in the coming weeks. AI is transforming not only how individuals work, but how teams collaborate. We're making Gemini your in-meeting advisor. How often do you join a meeting late? You want to ask, what did I miss? But you also don't want to stop the meeting for everyone else. Well, now Gemini and Meet can help. Need to catch up instantly? Done. Want background on a complex discussion point before you jump in? Just ask Gemini. Gemini provides assistance about the meeting during the meeting. And it enables everyone to participate more thoughtfully and constructively. Better participation leads to better problem solving for your business. These powerful Gemini meeting features will be generally available later this quarter. And collaboration extends beyond meetings. We see customers like Globe Telecom, which operates the largest mobile network in the Philippines, leveraging Gemini in Google Chat and Meet to improve operations and their employee experience. In chat, Gemini helps employees quickly find and summarize information from various sources. The impact? Teams spend less time searching for files and past conversations, and more time growing their business. Because teams achieve more when they're working with AI, we're making Gemini an even more active collaboration partner within chat. You can now add Gemini as a participant to any group conversation. Imagine having an AI participant right there in the chat thread, ready to summarize long, windy discussions on demand, or capture action items as they emerge. It's like every team now has its own on-demand assistant, freeing the team to do the work that matters most. Gemini in team conversations will be an alpha later this quarter. Everyone could benefit from an expert copy editor, right? Take Meditech, a healthcare technology company. They operate in a highly regulated industry and provide an enterprise electronic health record solution to customers across 23 countries. Up to date and accurate information is paramount. Using Gemini, Meditech saves seven hours per employee per week by reducing manual tasks like note-taking and drafting docs. Time, their teams now reinvest directly into product innovation and supporting customers. Now we're introducing Help Me Refine in Docs. This feature goes well beyond the generic copy drafts you might see from other AI tools. No more app switching or uploading to get help from AI for your writing. Think of Gemini as your writing coach. It proactively suggests ways to strengthen your argument, improve your structure and formatting, and enhance clarity, all tailored to your document. Gemini helps you become a more effective communicator. Help Me Refine in Docs will be available in alpha in the coming weeks. But now let's talk video. Forrester notes a clear shift to video in both personal and professional settings. Video can convey complex topics quickly and effectively, especially for distributed teams or shift workers. But traditionally, video has been costly and time-consuming. Who has a video producer standing by? With our newest app, Google Vids, we're democratizing video creation, turning potentially every employee into a multimedia communicator. Think training materials, complex process explanations, project updates, all without specialized skills or expensive software. Our customer, Mercer International, is a manufacturing organization with operations in Canada, the United States and Germany. They're a global producer of wood pulp and solid wood products, and worker safety in their plants is critical. At various locations, Mercer uses vids to create site-specific training videos that help familiarize employees, contractors, and vendors with the unique site sound and conditions of the various work environments, improving safety through clearer multimedia training. This resulted in a 75% reduction in content creation time and cost, allowing these teams to reinvest the resources into other safety, operations, and sustainability initiatives. Now we're giving employees even more powerful abilities. I'm excited to share that we're adding Google's state-of-the-art video generation model, VO2, into vids. Now vids creators can generate short, high-quality custom video clips from a single prompt. VO2 produces videos with realistic motion across a wild range of visual styles. It's about empowering creative expression so any employee can convey complex ideas with greater impact. This is available in alpha in the coming weeks. Now, let's hear directly from a customer on how they're using Workspace with Gemini. Please welcome Justinian Fortenberry to the stage to talk about how Etsy is adopting technology to enhance the human connection between its teams and customers. Good afternoon, everyone. It's a pleasure to be here with you today. I'm Justinian Fortenberry, CISO and interim co-CTO at Etsy. Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods made, designed, and handpicked by real people. Our mission is to keep commerce human. We use technology to enhance the human connections at the heart of our marketplace between sellers who've turned their creative passions into economic opportunity, and millions of buyers worldwide searching for something special. Thoughtfully incorporating AI into the way we work enables employees to be more engaged on the things that matter, better collaboration, and ultimately delivering our best for our buyers and sellers. At Etsy, we have a culture of experimentation. We're always testing new tools and new ways of working to improve our efficiency and unlock innovation. Last year, we launched a trial of Workspace with Gemini for a group of early adopters across all of our teams, including marketing, engineering, legal, and more. Overall, 95% of the early adopters we surveyed were interested in continuing the program because they found it to be a meaningful time-saver and convenient to use right in the workspace apps. I think we all know it's uncommon for 95% of people to agree on anything. We heard Etsy's loud and clear, and we made the decision to turn Gemini on for every employee at Etsy. I want to give you some quick examples of what that looks like for us. The first comes from one of our customer support teams, which has embraced Gemini to help with data analysis. Customers will reach out for many reasons, things like tracking an order or getting in touch with a seller. Our team chats with each customer and logs a ticket for the interaction. Making sense of all the feedback used to require pulling all that data into a sheet and then sifting through it to find trends and insights. This is tedious work. It used to take anywhere from two to four hours per report. Using Gemini in Sheets, that same analysis task can now be done in five to six minutes because the team can simply ask questions in natural language to glean insights on customer needs. And now that everyone has access to Gemini, the entire team is empowered to expand their skill set and glean insights from their own analysis instead of exclusively funneling the request through a single analysis partner. There are three big benefits from this use case. One, improved customer interactions. Understanding our customer needs help us better serve them. Two, improved employee experience. The team can now spend less time spinning their wheels, performing or waiting on analysis, and more time on figuring out solutions. And three, improved collaboration. Customer support can now pass their insights off to product and engineering teams to influence how we build with our buyers and sellers in mind. Over in our engineering department, some of our developers have found value in using Gemini to kickstart their coding. In fact, one of our engineering managers working in BigQuery shared that Gemini helped them generate 70% of the code they needed for a project. That allowed them to get started faster on other tasks that required deeper thinking. Across the board, Gemini is helping us put our energy toward maintaining Etsy as the online destination for human creativity and fulfilling our mission to keep commerce human. I mentioned that Etsy has a culture of experimentation, but that never comes at the expense of security. We're very protective of our data because trust is everything to us. With a shared commitment to responsibility and security, we're confident that Workspace is an innovation partner that can grow with us while helping to keep our critical assets secure. We're excited to discover more ways that Workspace with Gemini can help us hone in on impactful innovation that strengthens and amplifies the human connection at the heart of Etsy's marketplace. Thank you so much for having me. Thank you, Justinian. Hi, everyone. My name is Christina Baer, and I lead product for Google Workspace collaboration apps. So if you ask someone about their relationship with spreadsheets, you might get a love-hate answer. Spreadsheets are so powerful. We use them in countless ways to organize and understand data. And we use them in a lot of non-analytical reasons, too, like scheduling or project management. But if you ask the average user how confident they are about advanced functions or formulas, you might start to see a bit of panic settle into their face. That is why I am so excited to show you how we're building the expertise of an on-demand data analyst right into Google Sheets. So I have a spreadsheet with customer responses from a feedback form. I want to understand how we're doing in service and satisfaction. But right now, my spreadsheet is just a wall of data. And I am no expert with formulas. But with the new AI function in Sheets, I don't need to be. I can easily categorize the feedback. I'm using a simple formula that references the feedback text, and it just explains what I want it to do. So the formula looks like this. The AI functions understands what I want and adds in the categorization. I can then drag the formula down the column and categorize every row of feedback, just like I can in any other formula in Sheets. And now that I've categorized all of this feedback, I can start to review it to identify issues or trends. Let's ask Gemini to create a chart that shows the frequency of each feedback category. Gemini quickly generates the chart that visualizes the distribution of feedback categories. Now that I can see the overall trend, I can explore areas for improvement. AI functions are currently available in alpha. Okay, so sometimes it's hard to know even where to start or what to ask. So we are building a new feature coming later this year called Help Me Analyze that's designed to be your on-demand data analyst. So let's say I'm looking at the performance of my company's corporate accounts. I want to be able to identify potential opportunities and issues. Gemini has a helpful prompt to get me started. Let's click Analyze Data for Customer Growth Trends. Gemini analyzes the data and presents the overview of insights. See how Gemini highlights the potential churn risks right up at the top? It even shows the percentage of customers that are at high risk. Below, Gemini provides next-step suggestions that allow for a deeper investigation with a single click. And if I want to know more about churn risks, Gemini automatically generates a chart visualizing it across multiple different industries. If I hover over the bars, Gemini highlights the corresponding rows in the spreadsheet so that I can review the underlying data. I can interact directly with this chart and go deeper and see the suggested next steps. And when I find the charts and insights that I want to share, I can easily export them to other docs and other slide presentations. You can expect to see these advanced features in Sheets later this year. Okay, so let's think about the other tasks that eat up your valuable time. Chasing approvals, manually updating spreadsheets, digging through documents to scour for information. Traditional automation tools will handle simple triggers. But what about the work that requires context and reasoning? That's where Google Workspace Flows comes in. It's a new way to automate those multi-step processes using AI that can actually research, analyze, and generate content for you. So let's say I'm a customer service rep for an online retailer. Sometimes our customers use our online contact form for support requests. But it wasn't really designed for that purpose, so I have to manually check for these issues. It's slow, and there's a good chance that we're missing some unhappy customers. What I really want is for Workspace just to let me know when new issues come in. And even better is if it could help me research and solve the customer's problem. With Workspace Flows, this is actually really easy. Let's start by creating a new flow to keep track of incoming feedback. We'll do that by creating a flow that notifies the team via chat when a form response is submitted. Then we'll add a post in a space and choose our customer service space so that I and the other reps can see the alert. We can also add in our message and the email address submitted in the form. We hit save. And there you go. Now the team will be notified whenever there are new form entries. But still, our team is small and mighty, and we still need to prioritize. We have a support policy document for triaging support issues, but someone on the team still has to manually categorize all these issues. Now getting flows to automate this is so easy. We'll ask Gemini to look for customer complaints or requests and then summarize the feedback. And then we'll prioritize the form responses as high, medium, or low based on our existing policy in this document. And then we'll post those results into a chat space. So much more useful, right? We can also get help responding to the customer. So this is where it gets really cool. So I have created a gem, which is a customized AI expert that you can train with specific context in Gemini. This one is my customer service helper and has access to all of the product information and support policies. I create steps for my gem to review the customer issue, check our product documentations for solutions, and even suggest approved offers that I can send to the customer to make things right. Our gem can pull all of this information into a draft in Gemini email. And all I need to do is review the draft, confirm everything looks good, and then send it off to our customer. Here we go. Here's the example pulling in. Awesome. Okay, so we designed Workspace Flows for ease of use to facilitate work, not to complicate it. Simply describe what you need in plain language, and Workspace Flows will design and build sophisticated, logic-driven flows. No complex coding or configuration needed. We're also working with partners to connect Flows to other third-party tools that you rely on, enabling it to support workflows beyond Workspace. Workspace Flows is starting to roll out to our customers in our Alpha program. And now, moving fast and adopting new ways of work is part of the DNA at Rivian. To share how Workspace is helping them advance their mission, please welcome Anup from Rivian to the stage. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Anup Narang, Head of the Shoe Workspace Solutions at Rivian. Thank you for being here and allowing us to share our story, my story as a Rivian. Collectively, we are all facing a challenging task. How can we build a better future for our kids and even our kids' kids? We at Rivian are driven by one purpose. How do we build a better future, protect our planet, and create an environment which helps us, our generation to come? It will require everyone, entire industry, to create and embrace new way of working, problem-solving, collaborating, to meet this moment now and transition towards a sustainable future. In this spirit, we are focusing on creating vehicles and solutions which will shift our consumer mindset and ultimately inspire everyone fundamentally to change the way they operate. To achieve this, we knew we have to move fast. And for us, that also means changing our way of working. We found a solution in Workspace and Gemini, which helped us to provide our employee what they desperately needed. To transform our productivity and creativity, we also launched our AI at Work program. Focus on Gemini, the idea was not only to just enable our tools, but also provide trainings and make sure that employees are using our tool at best. Using Gemini is now streamlining a lot of our information. It is helping our employees to work better together. It is helping them to solve a lot of complex data and information, and it's also bringing them together. Let me give you an example. It can feel like a world collides when we bring our technical people and non-technical people together to work on something. And of course, they need to find ways to work. To share an example, imagine that you have a PhD battery engineer who is in a meeting with a marketing person trying to help him understand how the battery works. You can imagine how that meeting goes. Typically, these kind of meetings and tasks take hours and hours where they have to sit in a meeting and explain this information again and again. With the help of Notebook LM and Gemini, now our technical engineer can skip these meetings. Even the fact our marketing team can now take their technical jargons and they use these tools to extract information out of there, they gain their insights there, they don't need to spend those many hours in the meetings. When this is happening, our marketing team is now able to basically move fast and enable more productivity and create a roadmap for our teams, while our engineers are using that time and focusing on building better products. This also means that these tasks, which these meetings, I'm sure you have been there, used to take hours and hours, days and days, we can skip those. This is just one way we are leveraging power of AI, but also contextual way of how we are bringing the information, the real information to us when we need and how we need. Just for me, it saves about two hours every day, making sure that I'm writing my emails, a summary, summarization of my emails, document, updates meetings, and then even also automating a lot of my workflows through Gems. With Gemini, we are moving faster, we are collaborating better. So how did we get here? Let me tell you that. Last year around this time, and I exactly remember during my Google Next, we were using a set of independence tools. But we needed and wanted a cohesive platform which can bring those experiences together and enable our employees to do better, find new better ways of working, but also empower them to improve our productivity. Given Riven is a very tech engineering culture, our productivity and collaboration tools needed to reflect that. It needed to inspire our teams and match our fast pace. We also wanted to improve our communication collaboration, not internally within our teams, but also with our customers and partners, in order to continue to move fast and innovate. We made a decision to move to Google Workspace in three months. And we enabled the entire platform for our employees in six months. Yes, six months. And I still have my hair. This migration enabled us to provide the tools we needed for our employees, not just improve their way of working, but also sustainable way of working. By doing this, our employees are already focusing on building high value tasks. They are making data-driven decisions faster, and they are driving company forward. Using Gemini, we are unlocking new ways of productivity, business transformation, working better together. We are building a future where AI serves as a powerful catalyst for human innovation. Where we see the future of work is more connected and collaborative with AI. Thank you so much for having me today. Thank you, Anup. We're thrilled to be partnering with you. And hello, everyone. I'm Andy Nguyen, and my team is responsible for helping you keep your data secure and compliant. In fact, security is one of the main reasons why customers choose us. It's why Humana, a leading Nordics care provider, migrated 13,000 users and 22 terabytes of data to Workspace, in just four months to cut IT costs, improve security, and keep sensitive customer data safe. And Equifax migrated over 22,000 users to Workspace, securely streamlining team communication and collaboration across 20 countries. And now that Gemini is included in Workspace, I'm sure that every IT leader in this room is being asked important questions about the safe use of AI across their organization. Well, my hope is that you will walk away from this session feeling confident that Gemini in Workspace apps and the Gemini app is the most confidential, compliant, and secure AI systems for your teams, as evidenced by our privacy and security controls and compliance certifications. So first, confidentiality. With Gemini, your data is your data. It is not reviewed by humans. And as we've shared many times before, your data in Workspace is not sold or used for ads targeting. Gemini is the most confidential, because when Gemini double checks its response with Google Search to get more accurate and up-to-date results, Google acts as the data processor. You retain the ownership of your data end-to-end and protected by the same enterprise principles that I just mentioned. Now, you might expect the same with the enterprise versions of ChatGPT and Microsoft's co-pilot app, but it is a different story. These AI assistants generate and send search queries to Bing, which adheres to consumer terms. Alarmingly, this means your prompts could potentially be used to train and improve Microsoft's Bing search engine. And these consumer terms might not have protections against human review or AI model training that can increase your data loss risks and impact compliance. Second, you don't have to take our word for our best-in-class compliance track record. Gemini has received a comprehensive set of safety, privacy, and security certifications, which show that our practices and commitments have been validated by trusted, independent auditors. In contrast, other AI assistants do not have the same level of external validation. So how do you know if they're living up to their commitments? If you're in the healthcare space, you need HIPAA. And Gemini can already help meet HIPAA compliance. And if you do business with the US government, you need FedRAMP high for compliance. Gemini is also the first generative AI assistant to achieve US FedRAMP high and also the German BSI C5 attestations. Even if your business doesn't require these certifications, it should give you great confidence that some of the world's most stringent auditors have validated our assertions. And then starting today, you can restrict where Gemini and Workspace processes your data to the United States or European Union. This can help you meet data residency regulations such as GDPR and ITAR. Again, just like with other key certifications like SOC and ISO, other AI assistants fall short in providing you with the same level of compliance. These are some of the reasons why customers and regulated industries have put their trust in us. Take ATB Financial. ATB is the largest financial institution headquartered in Western Canada, serving nearly 800,000 customers with 60 billion in assets. Today, their team members turn to Workspace with Gemini to enhance customer relationships and embrace new ways to collaborate and improve productivity across its team. Third, now let's turn to security. This is now an existential topic for many organizations due to disruptive ransomware and state-sponsored attacks. I want you to be confident that Gemini is safe and secure to use. We apply Google's secure by design principles when we develop our foundation models and how we operate Gemini to address attacks such as prompt injection and data poisoning. Next, Gemini respects the data access and security controls that you already have in Workspace. For example, if you don't have permission to access a document in Drive, Gemini will not retrieve it. If there's an IT policy that prevents you from downloading, printing, or copying a document, Gemini will also not retrieve it. This is the power of an integrated AI assistant. And last but not least, there is a fundamental difference between Gemini and other AI assistants when it comes to data governance. With Workspace, your files are securely stored and automatically versioned in a single place. Google Drive. This does two things. One, it makes it easier for IT teams to protect their business data. And two, it means Gemini is helpful from the get-go because there is a single, most up-to-date version of the document to reference. With even the cloud version of Microsoft 365, user files are spread out across OneDrive, SharePoint sites, Teams. Therefore, can you be confident that Copilot retrieves the most up-to-date version of your document? For IT teams, this can also make it really challenging to identify and protect your sensitive data, increasing data oversharing risks. In security, more often than not, less is more. It is why customers have to operate with stringent security and regulatory requirements and can take advantage of Gemini today. For example, Air Liquide, which is a global leader in industrial gases, tells us that Gemini brings tremendous value while also helping them maintain their security posture. And the great thing is that the customer value will continue to increase as Gemini gets better and better with time, as you've seen today. To sum up, I believe that only with Gemini, you get the best of both worlds. Helpful AI so your teams can innovate as fast as the most agile startups, but also with built-in security and compliance controls that regulated and innovative organizations require to be successful. Back to you, Yuli. Thank you, Andy. Our goal at Workspace is to be a force multiplier for your teams in their everyday work, helping them to tackle more complex challenges and unlock capabilities they didn't have before. We see this happening with customers like Etsy and Rivian, and Compass Real Estate, Motorola Solutions, Salesforce, Whirlpool, and so many more. Many of you are considering AI investments that will literally define how your organizations and your teams will work in this new era. And when you choose Workspace, we are here to assist with your implementations and make your teams successful. You can hear directly from customers like Rivian, Equifest, and Natura in migration folks breakout sessions here at Next. You can also learn about our implementation support online. Thank you to the customers and my amazing Workspace colleagues who joined me today to share our product updates. I'd also like to thank our Workspace partners, many of whom are here at Next for their commitment to the Workspace ecosystem and our customers. If you're interested in a demo of all the great new features in Workspace, please visit us in the showcase. There's a ton of stuff for you to try. And there are dozens of Workspace breakout sessions, so please check them out. And make sure to take a copy of our new guide for using AI at Work, which has helpful tips so that you can get started today. Thank you very much. Have a wonderful Next.