 Hello everyone. Welcome to Google Cloud Next. Just one year ago we stood here and talked about the future of AI for organizations. Today that future is being built by all of us. In 2024 we shipped more than 3,000 product advances across Google Cloud and Workspace. Google's AI momentum is exciting. We're seeing more than 4 million developers using Gemini, a 20 times increase in Vertex AI usage last year, and over 2 billion AI assists monthly to business users right within Google Workspace. Here at Next we'll be sharing over 500 customer stories showcasing real business innovation. Let's hear more from a special guest. A warm welcome for the CEO of Google and Alphabet, Sundar Pichai. With Google Cloud we see AI as the most important way we can help advance your mission. Today I'm pleased to announce that we are making Google's global private network available to enterprises around the world. CloudBand leverages Google's planet scale network. Today I'm proud to announce our seventh generation TPU. Ironwood is coming later this year. It's the most powerful chip we have ever built and will enable the next frontier of AI models. Compared to our first publicly available TPU, Ironwood achieves 3,600 times better performance. Gemini 2.5 Pro is now available for everyone in AI Studio, Vertex AI, and in the Gemini app. I'm also excited to announce Gemini 2.5 Flash, our low latency and most cost efficient model with thinking built in. With 2.5 Flash you can control how much the model reasons and balance performance with your budget. Customers around the world are choosing to work with Google for three important reasons. First, Google Cloud offers an AI optimized platform with leading price, performance, precision, and quality. And new today, everything you need to build and manage multi-agent systems. Second, Google Cloud offers an open multi-cloud platform that allows you to adopt AI agents while connecting them with your existing IT landscape. And third, Google Cloud offers an enterprise-ready AI platform built for interoperability. Demand for AI compute for training and inference is growing at an unprecedented rate. Anywhere cache keeps data close to your accelerators with up to 70% improvement in storage latency to reduce training time. All of these AI hyper-computer hardware and software enhancements together enable us to deliver more intelligence or useful AI output at a consistently low price. Today, we are announcing that Gemini can run on Google Distributed Cloud locally in air-gapped environments as well as connected environments. NVIDIA is an important partner for Google and our customers. Let's hear directly from CEO Jensen Wang. Google Distributed Cloud with Gemini and NVIDIA are going to bring state-of-the-art AI to the world's regulated industries and countries. Now, if you can't come to the cloud, Google Cloud will bring AI to you. Today, I'm pleased to announce three new innovations with Gemini and Workspace. Help me analyze in Google Sheets, which guides you through your data, audio overviews in Google Docs, where you can interact with docs and Google Workspace flows to help you automate time-consuming, repetitive tasks, and to make decisions with more context. With Gemini, Imagine, Chirp, Lyria, and Veo, Google is the only company that offers generative media models across all modality. And all of them are available to you today on Vertex AI. Vertex AI gives you easy access to over 200 curated foundation models through our model gardens. Let's hear from Deutsche Bank CEO, Christian Sewey. Our partnership with Google Cloud enables us to take advantage of the latest tools. DB Lumina is our AI-powered research agent, built on Gemini and Vertex AI. Now let's talk about agents. Agents are intelligent systems that show reasoning, planning, memory, and the ability to use tools. A great example of a company working with Google Cloud to develop agents is Salesforce. Let's hear from CEO, Mark Benioff. Right now, we are really at the start of the biggest shift any of us have ever seen in our careers. I'll tell you that's why we are so excited about Agent Force and our expanded partnership now with Google. Following the introduction of Vertex AI Agent Builder last year, we're announcing today a new agent development kit. It is a new open source framework that simplifies the process of building sophisticated multi-agent systems. Agent development kit supports the model context protocol, which provides a unified way for AI models to access and interact with various data sources and tools. We're also introducing a new agent-to-agent protocol that allows agents to communicate with each other, regardless of the underlying model and framework. We're putting AI agents in the hands of every employee with Google agent space. customer agents built with Vertex AI Search are helping customers to quickly find answers and the right products using both text and images in search queries. Let's hear from Reddit Chief Product Officer, Polly Bhatt. Reddit Answers is different from any other generative AI product on the market. It leverages Vertex AI Search to make finding the answers and perspectives people see faster and more relevant. Customer engagement suite is transforming customer service. The business impact that Verizon experienced is nothing short of extraordinary. Today, we're announcing our next generation of customer engagement suite, which will include human-like voices, comprehension, and the ability to understand emotions, and integration with data sources, CRM systems, and popular business messaging platforms. Let's talk about creative agents that are being used to superpower creative teams, including those in media production, marketing, advertising, design, and more. One of the most amazing examples is the enriching of the Wizard of Oz at the Las Vegas sphere and how Veo, too, helped to bring it to life. We knew that it was really hard to tackle using traditional means, but it is possible to do it with AI. We ultimately came to the conclusion that Google was the only company that was actually capable of doing this. Alongside Google's DeepMind researchers, we trained AI models so that when you see Dorothy dancing, you see her full body dancing down to her ruby slippers. Data agents know what data to utilize and what questions to ask. Our data platform, BigQuery, has five times more customers than the two leading independent data cloud companies. And today, we're announcing new code assist agents to help with everything from modernizing code to helping with the full software development lifecycle. Security agents can dramatically increase the speed and effectiveness of security analysts. The integration of AI across our security products is just one reason why organizations around the world are making Google part of their security team. We're introducing Google Unified Security. Google Unified Security brings together unmatched visibility, faster threat detection, AI-powered security operations, continuous virtual red teaming, the most trusted browser, and Mandiant expertise in one converged security solution running on a planet-scale data fabric. We're continuing to invest in our security offerings. And just last month, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire WIS, a leading multi-cloud security platform to provide better cyber security alternatives for businesses and governments around the world. We're delivering an amazing stream of new innovations and making it easy to integrate those innovations into your existing technology landscape. We do this in four important ways. First, connecting your clouds with other clouds and applications. Second, we're working with many leading ISVs to integrate them with Google AI. Third, our services partners have created thousands of agents that bring their deep understanding of your industry and existing IT systems. Fourth, we're enabling sovereign clouds with partners to meet international regulations. We at Google Cloud are committed to helping each of you innovate by delivering the leading enterprise-ready AI-optimized platform with the best infrastructure, leading models, tools, and agents, by offering an open multi-cloud platform building for interoperability so we can speed up time to value from your AI investments. And we're working with our partners. What an amazing time for all of us to experience and work with these technology advances. We are honored to be building this new way to cloud with each of you. Thank you so much for joining us for Google Cloud Next. and will be great for everybody. after all we need to ping up voll andće how you vincent you asbahn