 Good afternoon, Las Vegas. Thanks, everybody. Hello, hello. Thank you, everybody, for being here this afternoon. I hope you all enjoyed the keynote this morning and are as excited as we are about all the awesome things that we hope you're going to start innovating on with all these miraculous AI capabilities we're bringing to market. My name's Steven Orban. I look after the ISV ecosystem, so all the software partnerships that Google Cloud has to help our customers have the most amount of choice with the tools that they use as they move to the cloud. I also look after our marketplace business. And I thought what we would do, maybe we'll make this a little bit interactive in the beginning and start with a little bit of a poll from the audience. I think I have two or three questions. Who here in the audience works for an organization who has two decades or more of IT infrastructure installed than they've been managing? Okay. So that's mostly kind of an enterprise segment. So for those of you in those organizations, 10 years ago, did you think that you were going to be moving your mission-critical workloads to the cloud? Raise your hand if you thought so 10 years ago. Much fewer hands. Okay. Who here 10 years ago, I probably don't have to ask this question because there were so few hands, would have thought that the largest bank in the world would have been moving, one of the largest banks in the world would have been moving some of their core assets to the cloud? Yeah. Well, I got good news. We're about to prove your wildest dreams wrong and hear all about how HSBC is moving some of its crown jewels and its data to the cloud while they're modernizing. So from the very beginning of Google Cloud, from the very beginning of our journey, we recognized that we needed to offer customers the greatest amount of choice. And Google continues to build lots of great technology that we offer our customers. Some of it is very differentiated. But at the same time, to help our customers do the kinds of transformations that they're trying to do with the cloud and artificial intelligence, we also need the best and most open partner ecosystem to meet customers where they are with the tools that they want to continue to use. And as we built that ecosystem, we center it around the concept of trust, making sure that we have trusted relationships with our partners, with our customers, that our customers can trust us to run some of their most mission-critical workloads. And one of those partners that we've been working with for the last many years is a company called Teradata, who's also sharing the stage with us today, who provides some unparalleled data warehousing and analytics capabilities that many of our customers, including HSBC, rely on. And because of the trust that we've cultivated in this ecosystem with our customers and our partners, we're now seeing some core workloads from some of the even most regulated companies on earth move to the cloud in a material way. So to just introduce our guests today, we have Mike from HSBC. He's from London, just completed a huge migration from an on-premises instance to the cloud. Ben leads Teradata's financial services sector globally. And Cam, who I've had the great pleasure of working with for many years, recently moved over from a system integrator slalom that we do a lot of business with, to Teradata lead their product strategy. So Mike, why don't we start with you? The shift from HSBC, from on-prem to the cloud, seems like a pretty big deal. Can you tell us a little bit about how that came to be and how you approached the problem? Sure. Let's roll off on slide. Thank you. So it's, you know, migrations, everyone thinks are quite easy things to do. But they are easy to say. But they're very, very difficult to execute and get them over the top of it. I was going to send you a deck for about 45 slides that show you the intricacies of how we migrate to VPC and all that kind of good stuff, right? And I'm sure some of you are already on your Blackberries. There are no Blackberries. Google phones, maybe. I'm going to flip you straight forward to something else, right? And I'm going to introduce you to my dog. And I'm going to talk about my dog in terms of how this thing worked, right? So we're going to take this little journey in terms of how we got here. So I got, when I was about eight years old, I got bitten by a dog. And since that date, I'm extremely nervous of dogs. Don't want to go near them. So when I got married to my wife and had some kids, I had no interest at all in having a dog. In fact, I was brutally out, honestly, about not getting in. As my kid got to 60, he said, Dad, I'm 16 years old and I don't have a dog yet. So as I was driving up Mother's Day one weekend to meet my mom, no, my wife for a weekend, they started sending me texts of a Bionese Mountain dog. Now, I don't think that's a dog, actually. I think it's more of a horse when you see it. It's a massive dog. It weighs about 65 kg. They kept texting me this thing about this dog. And as I got up there, I kept saying, no, no, no. Eventually, I got up there. I said, yeah, okay, we're going to get him. This dog costs $3,000, right? So, you know, these aren't cheap dogs. And we bought this dog, okay? And I was on the outside of this dog. And effectively, you know, the dog came into our house. And things seemed to change, you know? And the biggest thing that really changed is you can't text a dog. And I thought, that's fantastic, okay? So they were interacting with this dog. And the whole environment changed. Communications started to change. My wife said, let's go out for walks together, you know, which was great. So they actually get 100 dogs. And the whole thing started to blossom. The whole environment started to change. And I'm leaning on to that because when you look at your vendors sometimes as a bank, I want to challenge some of the things perhaps that people look at. And I think one of the things that, you know, I had some experience with vendors. I was very distrustful with vendors. And I didn't feel comfortable working with them occasionally. I was very much on the inside. They were on the outside. I was on the inside. And the idea is that, you know, you need to put a lot of work into the vendors. So I think when you start these massive migrations, you really need to do a lot of relationship-building with your vendor and have a clear understanding of where your vendor is and how they do things. And really try to leverage them as much as you possibly can. But, of course, we only really had one dog. It was a really big dog. It was a really big dog. We only had one dog. So I also have a bird of doodle. So mine's a little bit smaller, although not that much. So, Mike, what happened to your dog? Well, I mean, you know, he was great. He did a lot of good things. And like my vendor, he was great. A lot of good things. But the problem, I think one of the organizational challenges we have as banks is that we look at things in a very binary way. So we look at one vendor or another vendor, and that's how we choose it. And some things we like in the vendor, some things we don't like over here. And we then just ditch one vendor and go to another vendor. And we're sort of having this vertical cycle of movement between vendors and that kind of progress. And was I really leveraging my dog? You know, he changed the environment. It was great. But was he okay alone? He was a pretty lonely dog. And my wife kept saying, he needs another dog. He needs another friend. And so guess what? Went out and brought another dog. And we brought a dog along. And what actually happened is my best customer, who's my wife and my kids, were very happy. Dog was very happy. And as you can see, that's my wife. And you can see she's very happy. There's two dogs. I don't know what the cat's doing there. Maybe it's the prerequisites, but he kind of slipped in the picture. But suddenly it all changed. And why is that important? So for us, what was really significant about looking at what's happening within Google is that we need to try to leverage our existing products as much as we can. And try to really integrate those products as best we can. So it's really about integration and using the facets of what certain companies give to us and the abilities they give to us. And, of course, what something like Google can give to us. So the dog came in. And the world was in a lot better place. And suddenly it was interoperable. Cool. Cam, Ben, anything you would add? I think one of the things when we talked about this offline is when you're talking about bringing in multiple dogs, right? Multiple, in your case, data, multiple data platforms into your ecosystem. How do you make them successful together? Right? How do you... It's just the dog metaphor because it's kind of hilarious. But how do you train your dogs together? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think the thing is, you know, dogs... A lot of vendors don't work together very well. They're very competitive at their own products. So to a certain extent, you know, they can fight. You know, they can fight together. You get two dogs, you can have a big problem because suddenly you've got a bit of an issue. But I think in a way, what's really important is that you align yourself with your vendors in terms of what you're trying to succeed. And I'm focusing on that because as we go through this deck, the success of such a big program is really dependent on a lot of what I would call non-tangible factors. And non-tangible factors are things like can you get your vendors to work together? Are they interoperable? You know, that will define whether you're successful or not in terms of your quest. And I think one of the things that goes along with this is trust. Right? So I also have two dogs and a 17-year-old son. My dogs trust that I'm going to feed them at about 5, 6 a.m. and 5 o'clock on the dot. Because if it's a minute later, they remind me. Right? And if we have a great relationship where you can remind us if there's something that we need to go do. But every morning I can say one word and both of those dogs fly upstairs to wake up my 17-year-old. Which is a lot easier to do when you have two giant dogs that jump on top of them. Right? And so this trust relationship is super important to make a move like you did. Yeah. Absolutely. I think it's all about building capabilities. The way I also try to look at all this is we have a lot of businesses. And they have to deliver. And they have to improve their revenue. And they have to deliver the right products to their customers. So what can I generate that gives them the best opportunity to have the best capabilities? If I have two vendors that I put them together can build greater capabilities for the business, that's a good choice. And that's the right thing to do for the bank. And I think that's where the focus is. You know, can you get those environments where you can get vendors that work together to give you better solutions? Yeah. Super important to us. That's why we invest ahead of time in relationships like the one that we have with Teradata and many other software companies to make sure that when we do show up in front of a very important customer for ours like HSBC, we're in it together. And that trust is pre-established. And we don't necessarily have to make it up as we go along. I know that, Steve, as well. It's very important that the vendor's building products and integrating those products. You know, that's their journey as well. You know, so they give you the opportunity to integrate those products. So if the vendor has that mindset and wants to pursue that mindset, then as a bank, I'm very keen to pursue those vendors that give us those opportunities to do that. So let's talk about why, Mike. So we got why you got a dog. Why was there even a consideration of moving such an important asset of HSBCs to the cloud? I mean, you know, again, it's all about capability. You know, to a large extent that we want to improve our processing times. So we had processes running that were taking us, you know, five hours. Some processes were taking us a couple of days. And we need to bring that down to 20 minutes. What Teradata does is the communication with all of our customers is run through one of their products. It's real time. It's got to be quick. So we needed to have something that gave us that additional capacity. I want to improve functionality, parallel processing. You know, and again, you know, there's lots of, and all of you make your own choices about who you choose, what you want to use as vendors. But, you know, parallel processing, the various aspects of these big data companies that you've got to feel comfortable with and that you feel given the capabilities to do that. So we want to really improve the functionality. But the real important thing was that we wanted to leverage native cloud products. Because what happens is your business goes, well, you know, we're on-prem and we can't use Looker. We can't use BigQuery. We can't use Vertex. You know, Mike. So what you're trying to do is you're trying to create an environment where a business, which is a really important thing, can now take a product in the database that we use, which is our UK data warehouse products that covers all our customers in the UK, and take it up into the cloud, and be able to use native cloud technology, right? And that's really important. So now they have the capability to use that in their businesses, which they didn't have before. And that was a big, big driver in terms of my push in the company to try to get us to make that migration. But the other thing also is availability. You know, as a bank, we are very interested in not having proprietary data sets. You know, a lot of the old days you've got locked in. You know, we don't want lock-ins. The bank's moving away from lock-ins. So what going to the cloud meant for us, and particularly Teradata introducing S3 storage in the future, is that I was making a hop to take the data into the cloud, and now that was actually transferable. So now my measurement of whether I want to use Teradata or not is based on capabilities, which is really important. It's not the vendor that's important to me anymore. It's the capabilities. So I'm able to take that data into the cloud and have it in an environment where we can start to really maximize the use of that data. And I couldn't really do that on-prem. And now I've got these tools, you know, Looker and everything else that Google provide to be able to leverage that facility, and Teradata allows me to have that integration. Your Teradata environment was a like-for-like from on-prem to the cloud. It was a like-for-like in terms of the data migration, you know, the capabilities, obviously. It's saying we didn't have to change any coding, but there's a few things we're going to discuss in a minute. I think this is a really important nuance when you think about, like, where you have an established data store or data platform that's providing your trusted and secure data. And this is something I was hoping we'd talk about, so I'll take my chance. That in your data ecosystem, you've got your trusted place. Moving into the cloud gives you the capabilities, right? But you didn't choose to refactor and recreate your data from your existing data warehouse into a new one. You moved it up and created a data ecosystem, right? Yes, in terms of the capability of Teradata itself, it's very comparable. That really didn't give us a problem, and we'll talk about what did give us the problem. But I think the other things that are really of consideration, and of course this was quite a new thing for me, was just about optimizing workloads. You know, when you make decisions about using the cloud and what you're going to use to do your queries, et cetera, you've got to be comfortable that if you're doing them in-house, that you've got to get a bunch of developers that really understand about how to run those queries and how they understand about optimizing compute. Those are very difficult things to do. They're very difficult things to manage. So, you know, it gave us a very advantageous position to be able to have a product or an application that allowed us to be able to manage those workloads and optimize that compute. And that was very important in the whole transaction because we didn't want to take our costs up by taking our query and compute costs up. And that's a great point. And we've, we in these types of partnerships, our goal is to get it moved to the cloud as fast as possible to take advantage of the new value things, the services that Google provides that now we can bring data to. But that, how do I take what you've built over 20 years and not have to refactor it to bring it up there? There's obviously things that we look at now as you bring network into play and security into play that minor tweaks here and there. We have a lot of experience. We worked with our partner Accenture on this. There's another session tomorrow with Accenture talking through similar of how they looked at it. But there's a lot of expertise that we're bringing to this to try and simplify that migration piece and take advantage of the infrastructure that Google brings to this. We see many customers as we're doing it. If I don't have to refactor my code, now we're talking about a test window of a couple of months. And then we follow the same process that you typically would follow if we were just going on-prem to on-prem. So it's how do I shift that big bulk data over a weekend? Because we have to minimize downtime and can't take that downtime. I have to make sure I can't slow down the process that's happening. But at the same time, they have to take advantage. So we had to improve performance. What does Google bring to the table? There's a lot of compute there, right? And so now we have extra compute that we didn't have in that on-premise world to drive the storage infrastructure that's needed for all the data that's there. And so as soon as you get over, we see significant improvements and a lot of batch windows that can take advantage of the power of the engine that Google has from an infrastructure perspective. And it's the same cost model coming through from Teradata, but now a lot of workloads run significantly faster just by flipping the dial that it's now running on that piece of physical infrastructure. Yeah. So you have a core set of assets running on-premises. It's serving its purpose. Lots of business processes built on top of it. I think you mentioned your developers are relying on these queries already. Maybe the performance wasn't as great as it could be, but you also didn't have access to all the elasticity and availability that you got. I think that was kind of point number one of the why. And then I thought what was interesting about point number two is, you know, sometimes you mentioned BigQuery, and you're also giving your customers, your internal users, the opportunity to use some of that. Sometimes I think people get mired and caught up in, well, Teradata and BigQuery are competing solutions. And while that may be true in some cases, in an organization like HSBC, which is very heterogeneous and has lots of different tools, it's not winner-take-all. And both of these workloads can serve their purpose and have their place to help. And also what can you do within the budget? You know, we're all stressed with budget. We all have issues. So, you know, if you have a piece of paper and endless amounts of money, there's things you can do. But you've got to work with the limitations and be careful about what you're trying to build because it can get very expensive and costly. And that's another big consideration. I can do it as efficiently and as cheap as possible but still give those additional benefits to your customers and to your internal as well as external customers. Yeah. And that's one of the big things that we believe in on the Teradata side is this concept of how do I be open and connected. The data doesn't have to sit inside of our platform. We've got a great partnership with Google, including BigQuery. And I can interoperate. And I can pass data back and forth and reach into. So whatever is going to be the cheapest storage mechanism to store the data to hit what the business is trying to do inside of an SLA, we're totally open to that. In this new world of AI and we start looking at the things that you're going to do inside of Gemini, you don't put that in your data warehouse. That's accessible over there. But how do I join those two pieces of information together? Now that this platform sits in Google Cloud, really easy to do that. Yeah. And we'll continue to invest in more and more integrations to continue to unlock more and more of those capabilities. So we talked a bit about the business case. Now we know why. You've got a great capability unlocked. Let's talk about the how. So I think it's really interesting to talk about the elephant in the room. I think that's always the thing because we're up here talking about how green it is and all hugging each other. We were going to the zoo today also. But actually, this was a really challenging thing to do. And it covers, obviously, the whole of the UK. So our customers in the UK are covered by this particular data warehouse. And I think the big, big challenge was we only had 35 hours to really do the final takeout from on-prem to the cloud because it runs live. So all our systems are down, you know, nobody's getting communications, nobody's getting anything. Right? Now that was a massive challenge to kind of get to that point. And I think, you know, I have what's called the asthma. You know, when you have a vendor, you have the asthma. And that's about covering my ass. You know, can someone cover my ass, right? Because you know the wheels are going to come off. Without a shadow of doubt, the wheels are going to come off. But the most important thing about most of these big, you know, this sort of migration was when we first started doing it, we started the process. Everyone was worried about the functionality. Was it going to work on-prem? Was it going to work on cloud? You know, is it going to give the same results? Is it going to work? Is it going to work? Everybody told that functionality. The business was concentrating on the functionality. And maybe by a bit of luck, I kind of sat there and I thought, well, actually, I don't think that's going to be our problem. You know, that's you're focusing on the wrong thing. Because we're not going to be able to do this if you focus on your functionality. What really caught us out, which we're very early on, was the ecosystem. Where you get caught out for these migrations is not the functionality of the product. You know, Teraday have done it. They've done all our customers. You know, bet money that the thing works. That's not a problem. But your own ecosystems, the complexity of our ecosystem was really, really challenging. So the first thing we need to do in getting back to trust is to make sure that I'm not going to lead a migration unless I'm comfortable. And I know everyone talks about collaboration and stuff. But they're saying and they're actually doing it and proving that you can help. When I'm stuck is the event that I'm going to prioritize my work. Are they going to give me engineering solutions that really solve my problem? You know, when I suddenly start changing ports and all of a sudden that's impacting my downstream applications and I can't go live, what are they going to do? Are they going to solve that problem really quickly? Are we going to be able to get the bandwidth to migrate our data? You know, do we have to go to Google and ask them to try to give us something special to migrate our data on a weekend? Are they going to move quickly and get that done? Because these are the sort of things that really actually start to hurt a lot. So to me, the ecosystem is a problem, right? The elephant in the room is the ecosystem and the false positives. So when people start to check, you know, the testing functionality and you think, oh, the thing's working fine, it's fantastic. But as soon as you put it into a live environment with all the connectivity, it fails and you can't get it to work. Because you've got various DNS changes, you've got to do five parts, you've got to change. There's a whole bunch of work you have to do behind the scene to get it all done. So the migration itself is easy. I'm going from on-prem to off-prem, the functionality works. It's not a big deal. I've got 150 applications downstream and upstream. And I've got connectivity happening across those environments. Firewalls, everything's happening across those environments. So what I was slow in getting was I needed somebody who was a network. I needed a network. I needed cyber. I needed data. I needed people from businesses that had their time to be able to work with me when I needed them to come into those transactions and be able to deliver those sides of the delivery of the actual final solution. So we needed, you know, the whole ecosystem was the biggest problem. And that was a real, real tough thing to do. So that, in my mind, is what people really have to kind of focus on and really focus on those real pain points in terms of getting that delivery over the line. So how we did the migration was extremely challenging, extremely challenging. But we did get it done in the time frame. We had a little hiccups along the way. The wheels did come off, but we were able to get those wheels back on. And working with the vendors very closely and then being able to prioritize their work, we were able to deliver the solution in the time frame that we actually wanted to do. But very simple things. Like, if you want to get an approval from the European Bank to do a data migration, it takes you six months, eight months. I mean, if you start a migration and realize that, you're starting with, oh, this is going to happen. Then you get to that point in time where someone comes down from someone and goes, hey, have you spoken to the European Bank? Oh, wait a second. Really? How long does that take? So these approvals take a tremendous amount of time. You're moving data from on-prem to the cloud. That's got to be okay, right? You've got to go to Malta. You've got to check that they're okay with that. So there's a huge number of governance that you need around the whole deployment of these migration activities, which is what actually puts people off doing them. That's what puts people off doing them. The functionality of the application itself is fine. But are you able to get the ecosystem around you and the right component of people around you within your organizations to be able to get it to be effective and deliver it? And that was a real challenge in terms of doing this migration. And that's where the struggles came, and that's what you had to get over. It's going to be very persuasive, very creative, very passionate about what you're doing, very forceful, and hassle people as much as you can to get the thing. How much of the soft stuff, the kind of compliance and regulatory and that sort of work, versus the actual migration? How long did the actual migration take? I mean, it's hard to tell, because I would say that the compliance aspect of it, we ran it in parallel, but it was definitely a large part of it. But the big problem you have with something like a teradata migration when you're actually migrating is it's really hard to replicate the pre-prod environments, because the way you schedule your work is through things like Control-M, and you've got to have a landing page, and you're running that data live. You can't replicate that functionality into your pre-prod environment, because you can't run two Control-M's from the same database. You start to mess up your whole data, and your data going back is overwriting your data. So the challenge we had at that point in time, because we thought we could set up a pre-prod, was let's do it. Now, the other thing we did is that, you know, and again, Accenture came in, and I challenged them quite heavily. They want to run a lot of functionality testing, and that was useless. So what we did is we basically shunted the whole thing straight to pre-prod, because you needed to see it in a live environment. What was it going to do with all the connectivity? Was it going to break? Was it going to be successful? And could you pick up those things very quickly? So I encourage less functionality testing and more ecosystem testing, and running to your pre-prod environments as quickly as you possibly can, and that saved us. If I hadn't done that, I'd have been unsuccessful, because as I went to my go-live date, the whole thing would have keeled over, because the things we picked up in that ecosystem environment by running, going straight to pre-prod as quickly as we could, and trying to avoid that sort of dev test, normal traditional process that people go through, was ineffective in what we were trying to do, because we couldn't replicate the environment. We needed to try to replicate the environments as closely as we possibly could, and that was a big challenge. And that's a great point. The ecosystem is the hands-down most important part of these migrations, and if you're doing a lot of refactoring of code, now you've got to go through data validations, and are the results correct in the feature function testing? But that's never where that elephant is, right? And so one of the things that we bring as part of the partnership, and Accenture works with us on this as well, is what we call our CAMPS process, the cloud architecture migration planning. So the things in the ecosystem we need to pay attention to, we've pulled together the best practices from all of the customers that we've moved. So right now about 50% of Teradata customers now run in the cloud, between cloud and on-prem as a split, and we've learned a lot, right? We've moved hundreds of HSBCs over the last three to four years, and so now we're looking into that network architecture in partnership with you, the security architecture in partnership with you. But it's also how does your ETL run? How does your SaaS environment run? What do the jobs look like? How chatty is this job back to your network? Because when you have unlimited bandwidth in the data center, people do things in an easier manner. Well, now we're going across the phone line effectively. And so this workload getting into, put it into prepod, how is it going to react? We can predict a lot of those challenges going into it of, go change this function, because instead of it continuously going back and forth, back and forth, parallelize it, let the database do its thing, you tweak it a little, and now it runs extremely fast when you have a lot less network bandwidth. Those are the kinds of things that we try to jump on early in the planning aspect, which is why putting it into prepod, now you can test and validate and see what is the true impact. Because also, if I can change the job just a little bit to take advantage of what Google brings to the table, there's another positive benefit that we can get in those areas. Okay. So just maybe if I could summarize it in my own words, understand dependencies you have in your ecosystem up front, run as much of that de-risking in parallel, but also plan for stuff to go wrong. Stuff is going to go wrong, and how well do you trust the people who are going to be working alongside you to make sure that they're able to respond when those things happen? Is that fair? Absolutely fair. That was a big challenge. Absolutely. Yeah. Cool. So what did you get out of it? So now we have the why, the how. What did you get? Did you realize some of those benefits? It's like my dog at the beginning, I guess. I mean, you know, sometimes my job is to try to get a capability to be available to people to use more effectively. So in my opinion, some of our applications on-prem were not working as effectively and did not give us the benefits that we wanted. So I think that what this allowed us to do is take the product and application we had and try to maximize that application by getting into the cloud. So I think that that was very significant. I think the other thing that I would like to stress as well, you know, if there's any vendors out here who want to come and have any ideas to me, is what I want to see is, I don't want 2 plus 2 to equal 4. I want 2 plus 2 to equal 3. And what I mean by that is that because of the way Teradata works with Google and the way they did the pricing models, I was able to get a saving, a significant saving on my cost. So I dropped my run-the-bank cost, which is one of my key objectives. I was able to drop that by the way they structured it. So two people working together was able to give me better capacity, allow me to expand, allow me to have my processing really faster and quicker, at the same time allow me to reduce my costs quite significantly. And that was a big factor in terms of our decision. And those are the things that if people work together, they can achieve and give to us and give us the benefit of that. And that's what we're looking for. The other thing that is really important is resilience. You know, we could fire up quicker. We could back-ops faster. You know, they have a tool called BCM, Business Container Management, which is more effective in the cloud. You know, so all the RTO, RPO, all those good stuff that some compliance guy in the middle of our bank somewhere comes to us and tells me about have all significantly improved. And that was really fundamental. So the resilience improved. And obviously, you know, from a regulatory perspective, that's what we're concerned about. We're concerned about stability. We were able to set up a test environment that was much more stable and secure, which is very important. So we're able to create that environment as well in the cloud, easy and fast and quicker. And those are all the benefits. All the benefits we had gave us all those things. And my job is to create those, as well as obviously capabilities that we were kind of after too. So from that perspective, it was very successful. So save some money, better performance, better business continuity, able to have easier conversations with the compliance and regulator photos. Yeah. Maybe not easier, but check the box faster, maybe. Regulator bank. You know, it was hard to scale on-prem. You know, that's the fundamental thing. So you want to take yourself from the ability where you can scale. And if the bank, and again, if the bank is doing something, then you want to give it the optionality to be able to do that. Yeah. There's a lot that goes on, as you all know, in your production data centers, which makes that scale difficult. So not HSBC, but I can talk another large worldwide bank. I've delivered them equipment, and it would take them 12 months before we could finally merge it into the production environment with all the checks and balances. Delivered. 12 months. Power, network, integration that happens. So we can now do that way, way faster now inside of Google Cloud. And we also never really have to worry about, oh, you're at the four-year end of life cycle of this hardware. Let's bring a new box in. Let's do this whole migration over again. Like, we're now there. And we can focus on innovation and where we're going forward. And this is where I get really excited. My teams aren't infrastructure salespeople. We are now focusing on what we can do with AI. So when you look at the services that Google Cloud brings to the table with Looker and Gemini and Vertex and the things that we have built natively into our platform, there is a lot of interoperability. What HSBC brings to the table is this 20-year curated data store of gold, customer, and risk, and regulatory, and finance, and stress, all of that stuff you need to run your business. But now I can vectorize data with Gemini. And I can do small language models inside of Teradata. And now I can start to interoperate really big data sets that sit out in BigQuery for one analytical process that 80% of the data elements are sitting in their regulatory environment. And we can now react to the business differently and then push right back out through a Google tool into a front end. This is where it gets super exciting for us on I needed to get my infrastructure somewhere where it has access to a lot of solutions that are fully integrated, which is also why we're really excited about what was announced this morning with the Google AI on-prem bringing Gemini in. I still have a lot of infrastructure in the on-prem world. We still have infrastructure together in the on-prem world. That's now another integration point for certain types of things that may stay on-prem that now Teradata can be one of the integration points between Google Cloud and a Google Cloud infrastructure in the on-prem world as well, too. Yeah, certainly a super exciting path forward for us with much more innovation to come, which I suppose is a great segue for the last question before we open it up to any audience questions. What's next? Well, walking my dog. Some more tricks. Maybe you guys are coming with some more tricks, right? Maybe that will help me tremendously. Absolutely. I'll speak a little bit as the future's... This is a guy who's like spending a lot of time these days thinking about the future. So we talked about the ecosystem a little bit, and when you have an ecosystem, what it means is that some of your data is highly curated, right? And it's precious. The future of, like, LLMs and agents are amazing. They rely on a bedrock of the curated data. So if you want the effective results for your business, you're going to have some of that data has to be cultivated. And for those of you who are working or have teams working in your AI spaces, how much of your extraordinarily expensive data scientists, they're spending all their time doing data engineering and pulling AI. I don't know what HSBC is going to do, but what I'm excited for you is you're going to be able to apply it with the agentic unstructured data and will get value for your customers for that. And this is why the, back to the connection with Google, is so important in their differentiated value around the AI investments with Gemini and whatnot. So, yeah, go ahead. Yeah, no, and it becomes super exciting. I mean, the, where we see in the data world AI having the biggest opportunity is really around optimizing that customer experience. And we have everything about the CDP inside. I know every transaction, every channel, we know everything inside your digital channel. What I don't know is what's said outside of the digital channel. What are regulators saying? What's in all those PDF files that are out there? When the customer calls the call center and is now complaining about something, how do you leverage that voice of customer? This is where Gemini comes into play. And we can take that data, interoperating Teradata and Gemini vectorize it. Now I can store an optimized file inside of Teradata that now I can integrate voice of customer data being driven by the AI into the CDP that's already there for taking action on. All those little small language models I can run, some of the analytic functions I can run, as well as the things I can do from a machine learning and statistical perspective with Vertex. I can now deliver a much more intelligent prompt right back to Gemini. So not only can I figure out what's the next best action, my friends at Google can actually determine in an intelligent perspective based off of all of this that we have, what should we say in that next best action as well? So this is where this partnership becomes super interesting to what we think we can do in the future. Great. Any last parting words of wisdom for those in the audience considering a big migration or in the middle of one maybe? No, I think I'd love to get some questions probably if we can it would be appropriate. I mean, I think just a couple of words, you know, optionality is important. You know, we're trying to set up the whole thing in a constructive way but I think probably better, yeah, I think we should. Sir? Mike, hi, Unshul from ANZ Bank in Australia. Hi. Big Teradata customers. Where is it? Oh, there it is. Okay, sorry. A question. For your on-prem estate that's left over and the one that's moved to cloud, are you facing any challenges in terms of connecting the two using QueryGrid or any other product that Teradata offers? No, not at all. I mean, you know, for example, I guess it depends how I can answer that question but for example, you know, we have a lot of processes that use on-prem and off-prem databases. You know, SAS would be a perfect example of that and, you know, we did a lot of testing on the interconnectivity between the two environments and if they worked. We didn't see an integration of performance on the off-prem to the on-prem environments. That wasn't a big issue for us. So, we didn't encounter that as a problem. In fact, what I will say is, you know, we had a hyper-care department so after we went live we had a hyper-care department we had 20 people lined up and we were all on the phones on Monday morning and we were all I was on a red alert about it. You know, we sat there and we had these 19 people and we didn't get one call and we were all sitting there going, hang on a second, we need escalations because that's my job. And I'm not joking. I'm not joking. We didn't have one call. It was quite incredible. You know, and that was a testament to some of the teams. It wasn't just me. We had some fantastic teams working at Teradata, Google. We also had Accenture that pulled a lot of stuff in the test phases but it was really successful. And that, specific to that question, that's where that CAMPS process comes into play because we can project what workloads are going to look like based off how they're doing it. So if we have a SaaS user that does what SaaS users love to do which is select all from database and extract 90 million rows, we can help them optimize their process which they should be doing anyways but they didn't need to. Now they kind of have to and we get in front of that as part of the migration process. So, you know, I might be able to improve their performance by two or three X without the migration by just implementing that and now it's run significantly better after the migration as well. HSBC, I just, I know in addition to this project made a fair amount of investment not just monetary but in terms of like resources and people to build a proper networking between their on-prem data centers and their Google Cloud footprint and networking is one of the areas that we believe we have some differentiation on. We're happy to work with you on that also if that's a concern to make sure the right foundation is set. Yeah. Exposed a lot of the structure issues but we can talk about it after if anyone's got any, any questions around that. Any more questions? Hold one easy. One right up here. Hold one easy one. I accept it. Mike, here's Lars. I have a question. When you plan the migration events so you choose a small size of apps or a large number of apps so you have the migration events is some servers or big servers and what is it? We did everything. Just for the nature of this day we couldn't really do it piecemeal and we couldn't switch over. When you move the data, when you do the data stage and the control end functionality you've got to flip it from landing place straight into the environment. So we didn't have luxury of being able to run them and say let's take the applications across time by time. We had to do it in a big bang approach. So we had to just literally do it in one weekend, do all the DNS changes, all the port changes, you know, all the cyber everything in just one big go. It was very difficult to be able to do it in those stages. And the nature of the way it calculates the data also doesn't allow you to have that look out because it's constantly retaking that data down so you have to keep managing that process. But I'm happy to explain to that to you but it was a big bang. I had to go for it. And you guys are afraid of the big bang, right? Well, you know what? If you're going to fail, you're going to fail. I'd much rather fail fast than go slowly. So, you know, you know, yeah. But you've just got to get everything right. And the thing is if you're going to go big bang and, you know, my management were very concerned sometimes, are you sure about this? You know, you've got to get everything right and you've got to try to really mitigate as much risk as you can before you go up into it and also have the right people around you to understand the risk mitigation. And that's the big problem. If you have that infrastructure around you, it's okay. But if you don't have that infrastructure around you, big bang's a big risk. We, from the Teradata perspective, recommend the big bang approach because it's much easier on the actual database migration and the data in the process. It's tougher on the ecosystem because you've got to make sure everything works. But when you look at how you would architect the Teradata system, it is, if they have 150 applications, they may all share one table on Teradata. Now, I may have 150 different logical views of how that data looks, but I never instantiate that data. So now, if you moved it app by app, you're now, you have a data challenge of everybody's been sharing and that's a big part of the value of a Teradata system that you don't have to curate the data 150 times for 150 applications. But when you do these migrations, that's why we focus on how does the ecosystem going to work because we have all the tools and utilities that will do the big bang move of the data and validate it that they all moved. Yeah, but again, when you say about big bang, the on-prem cloud works the same. So the functionality's fine. That was never going to be the problem. The problem was, could you connect? That guy connected to that environment. So what you basically do is you go BAU very quickly. You know, you can solve those problems. Oh, you don't have something that's terminal. You know, it's like going to Formula 1 pit stop break and the wheels back on. The wheels stay and you're stuck. You've got a problem. So you need to make sure that you went to BAU very quickly. That was really the intent. And even today, you know, we really have not had issues with it. You really mitigate the reconciliation. He didn't wear his page around stage, so we're going off somewhere in the... Any more questions? Yeah, we're here. We'll try to be quick. Yeah, question to Mike. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, sir. When you migrate all your applications to GCP, did you consider Terra Data Cloud instead? Sorry, one of my... Terra Data Cloud services. ...applications. You migrated everything, right? You're from Terra Data on-prem? We migrated the data, but for example, a lot of our applications still stayed on-prem, and they basically fed into the Terra Data on the cloud to source their... They were still computing on-prem. It wasn't we moved all our applications to the cloud. Okay. Some applications on the cloud were on the cloud already, but a lot of applications are still on-prem, so they're on-prem, feeding into the cloud, getting the data down, maybe running the computer in the cloud, but actually being... The command line's being executed from the on-prem, so we didn't take all the applications into the cloud. Okay. Connectivity had to be into the cloud. Got it. Okay, thank you. And to clarify, there is no such thing as Terra Data Cloud. We have Terra Data that runs in a Google Cloud infrastructure. It's running on Google servers. We've got a VPC dedicated to them. It runs as a managed service, but Terra Data does not have... We are not a cloud provider. We provide a managed service on the public CSPs. Okay. Hi, Mike. Any advice on the regulatory side of things or does the regulator push you in any specific way? Start early. Wow. Awesome. Start early. Do you realize what I had to sign to come and talk here today? I'm not too sure whether, you know, what we can say or not, but I mean, look, I think from my experience, and I'm going to talk personally perhaps, that, you know, no, we communicated extremely well with our actions, what we're going to do, we communicated the risks, and to the Big Bang approach, the biggest fear we had was how do you roll back if it's a problem? And that was always an issue, and that was around, again, you know, because people didn't believe in the functionality. I think they were focusing on the wrong thing. It was all about whether you could connect. But I mean, what we had, the processes we had to go through from a regulatory perspective to get that data up into the cloud were enormous. I mean, every, you know, it carries a lot of data. Even though it's the UK data warehouse, it carries a lot of data globally around Europe, you know, we had to get Isle of Man, Malta, Israel, even. There's a lot of things we needed to actually check, and there was a lot of, there's a lot of notices we had to give of our activity and be very convinced about it and close it off. So, you know, it's, you know, it's being such a regular bank, and HSBC, you know, prides itself on its governance and how it manages all its estate, and that was a big, big component that we had to focus on. Again, you know, unrelated to the functionality, but a massive component getting the thing delivered. Massive. That ability to roll back is massive in the DORA requirements. That's there, and that's one of the advantages that we can bring is we obviously run in the on-premise world as well, not that we ever want to roll back, but it simplifies that part that we can run that exact same process right back in the same data center that we needed to. Generally speaking, having done a lot of these migrations for a couple of the different cloud providers, it's transparency, whether it be regulatory or compliance or security. I think just being up front with your plans and your risk mitigations, I think that part is key. And our teams are happy to work with you to make sure that you have everything you need to provide that transparency as well as other customer references in your industry because as we've sort of seen, we've broken through that ceiling where now we have some of the core assets of some of the world's largest... It's difficult. I mean, we tried it before and we'd failed. So it's hard because if you go into your management and say we can do it, there was times when I didn't think we could do it, but we did succeed. So there is a bit of a leaf of faith in these things. It is not an easy thing to do. It's very difficult. But again, it's the ecosystem that caused the problem. It wasn't a functionality and it's just dividing those two things, understanding the risks you have in those two areas and be very clear about demarcating them and dealing with them. Then you're okay. I do okay. I do okay. I do okay. I do no right. I do okay. I do okay. I do okay. I do okay. I do. I do okay. Okay. Well, I need to request you all wrong. I can't be. I can't believe you too. I can't believe I can't believe I'm wrong, it's true I can't believe you I can't believe I can't believe I can believe you I can believe that nobody I can believe I can believe