 My name is Mac Bari. I lead the SMB AI go-to-market and thank you again so much for being here. I'm joined by three amazing peers, and today we're here to explore how AI agents can transform businesses with small IT teams. So, amazing group of panelists, like I mentioned before, starting with Payam Savi, my esteemed peer who leads the global AI go-to-market for Agent Space. Show of hands, has anybody heard of Agent Space? He's disappointed, I think. No, no, that's a lot of hands for a product that's out there for not that long. He's helping us and everybody make it easier to build and deploy powerful AI agents. Next, we have David Gaskey, co-founder and CEO of Ultimatum. Love that name. Ultimatum OS is the world's first story-driven LLM OS. We'll dive deeper into how David's team is using agents and what it does and how it investigates data with precision and ease. And lastly, we have Lakshman Balasubramaniam, head of Moy.ai, a company that turns CCTV into autonomous agents. And apparently, I took my wardrobe inspiration from his headshot, as you can see. So, that was purely coincidence. So, to set the stage. Right? So, you know, if there's any word that we've been hearing more than AI in 2025, it's agents. Right? I think we can all agree with that to an extent. However, it's important to set the context of where agents stand. We're in the new era of AI, driven by some key trends that we see. First thing is multimodality. 2023, year of models, you know, texts, maybe a few images here and there. But now we're truly seeing multimodality kick into high gear. You can interact with various types of images, video, audio, not just text. Image in three, VO2, just to name a few things that have been talked about. Secondly, agentic workflows. First, AI agents can reason, plan, and make decisions for you and adapt autonomously, making repetitive tasks very, very easy and very, very accessible to businesses, particularly with small IT teams. And third is we're seeing the knowledge worker. There's a frontier paradigm shift of how the knowledge frontier works. Reimagining how employees, customers, everybody can find, access, and use information. Right? And this is all glued in by agentic workflows, which we're going to talk more about. I'm pretty much done talking because today we're here to listen to how business owners are seeing ROI with real business outcomes and product market fit. Right? So, let's kicking off with Pyam first. Pyam, first of all, thanks again for coming all the way and joining and for everything that we do together. So, tell me a little bit about agents versus just your traditional AI automation. Thank you, Megan. Good afternoon, everyone. Really glad to be here. So, maybe starting with the traditional systems or workflows. So, typically, those are role-based algorithms. They're proficient in handling typically structured data. And also, you know, very predefined scenarios. Right? So, think of maybe as a game, like a checker. So, you have very specific scenarios. You could give it exact steps that it could take at any time. So, that's your traditional systems. And maybe just continuing on that evolution came predictive AI. And predictive AI brought you the capability for businesses to forecast trends, classify data, and make better data-driven decisions. And then, recently, obviously, we got generative AI. And now we can create original content. That's really great. And, finally, we got to AI agents. And, basically, this represents really that next stage in the evolution. And, at a high level, they're able to, as Mike discussed a little bit, that they operate independently. And, mainly, they're basically given a set of resources, whether it's tools, whether it's actions that they can take in the real world. And, I think the most important thing is that they have an objective. Right? We give them an objective. And, with all these resources, they accomplish it. They come up with a plan. They come up with a strategy. And, all to accomplish the specific objectives that they have. And, I would say, overall, this is a really big shift from the traditional AI, or our traditional workforce, what we call right now the agentic AI. And, that really allows us to, you know, with the systems, they can reason, plan, adapt, and take proactive steps to fulfill goals, be more proactive, rather than just react to inputs or generate content on command. So, I think it's definitely a shift to how businesses can evolve and just disrupt. That sounds like magic. However, we do talk about customers all day long on our day-to-day life, you and I, particularly together. So, can you give me an example that comes to mind what it looks like in the real world, like, from any of your recent experiences working with our customers? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, let's take a simple example, right? Let's say you have an e-commerce website for a clothing store. And, let's say you have a customer that goes into that website and, you know, adds a swimsuit, let's say, to, you know, to their cart. Okay? Maybe a traditional workflow would be, hey, I see a swimsuit in the cart, or I see an item in the cart. And, after, let's say, 15 minutes of, you know, that the person hasn't made the purchase or is about to exit, let me go and do a pop-up of, hey, I can offer you a 15% discount if you make a purchase in the next 30 minutes. Right? That's, we've seen a lot of that. But now, imagine you have an AI agent. And you told that AI agent, hey, your objective is to increase sales and to improve the customer experience. You know, you may have given it some additional instructions and other things, but keep it simple, right? And that AI agent is basically now seeing that same thing, seeing that, hey, this person added a swimsuit. Can see some of the, you know, inventory data, some of the trends in the purchases. Can see maybe it has in memory in terms of what this person has made, other purchases that this person has made. And taking all of that information, just as if, you know, you had an actual shopping assistant, if that person was in the store, you may come, may start a chat and say, hey, sounds like you're planning a vacation. Are you going on a vacation? This is actually one of our most popular products. And it's typically sold out. So, it's great that it's not available. And, you know, they start with that. And let's say that doesn't work. You know, that doesn't lead to the objective. And, again, you can adapt and plan and maybe come back and say, hey, you know, did you know that right now we have a promotion that if you purchase this plus the matching cover, we can give you a purple beach towel. And knowing that purple is their favorite color, is this something of interest, right? So, again, this is as if you had basically an assistant or, you know, basically a smart, all that information, everything else that knows about you and the person and your business and can assist everyone, provide them personalized access. So, this is, you know, it obviously can be very disruptive, right? And that's what AI agents can really provide. So, it's just a simple example. Simple is one way to put it. It seems like we have a personal shopping assistant, customer service agent, and a sales agent all embedded into one program or one bot agent. So, how does one, if I'm a business owner, you know, how does one go about where, like, you know, creating an agent? And what is this agent space thing that is coming up every day? Well, I hope that you all had a chance to watch the demo during the keynote on agent space. If you haven't, we're actually doing some demos in the expo floor in the AI innovation side of it. And I'm very proud that Google agent space is actually our fastest growing enterprise product. So, really awesome to see that and all the interest from customers. But basically, the underlying vision of it was that, hey, what if we could bring all of our Google AI innovations, you know, what we're seeing in the market with respect to, let's say, search, you know, with our Google quality search, with respect to the latest models, whether it's Gemini, Imogen, Vio, and obviously, you know, even additional models out there. And obviously, agents, both first-party agents, as you may have seen, like deep research, agents that you may build yourself or your employees may build themselves, as well as third-party agents, whether, you know, we can have a marketplace for that. And what if you bring everything all integrated with your data sources in a secure, reliable, managed SaaS platform? That's really division with Google agent space. And so, yeah, we're seeing a lot of great interest. But coming back to the agent side of it is basically the idea of, hey, what if you, you know, we could take all that effort of governing and scaling agents and, you know, security and everything. I mean, you could just focus on building and executing those agents. Amazing. Thank you again. So let's now transition to we've talked about agents, talked about a practical application. Now let's talk about really what's our customers doing with agent space and agents. My pleasure to introduce you, David Gasky. And, you know, David, thank you again for joining. We've had the pleasure of working with each other for a little bit now. So tell us a little bit about your company and how big is your team and, you know, just walk us through how Ultimatum utilizes agents. Yes, of course. Thanks, Mac. It's my pleasure to be here. So our team, we're a relatively lean startup. Our team that focuses on designing and developing agents actually consists of two humans and six super agents. We have super agents that create agents dynamically in response to customer requests. I'll talk a little bit about how we do that and how that fits into our workflow in just a minute. But because they're not hard-coded by humans, we actually call those resulting agents synthetic agents. So at Ultimatum, a little bit more about the company, what we do is investigative data analytics. We help people find the most important information in any unstructured data set. We started in legal. My background is as an intellectual property attorney. So that was actually our first target customer base. And sifting through the noise. Most data sets are 90 to 90 percent noise. And you really care about that 10 or even 1 percent of the information. So we get you there as quickly as possible. You've heard plenty, I'm sure, over the last day and a half about the power of AI. We're leveraging the power of story to maximize the power of AI. What we've discovered is when we approach things from a story basis, first it makes it very easy on us as a user. Because we all naturally think and communicate in terms of story. What we discovered is that it actually gives AI purpose and focus if we give it a story context to work in. So with that as our basis, we are able to achieve superior results compared to keyword searching, for example, which pales in comparison. So Ultimatum OS is our latest product where we are deploying these super agents. It is the first of its kind LLM OS. It's driven by LLMs so that, like you think of an operating system that typically manages your data. This one also understands it. And the reason why we had to develop that is because the type of investigations that our customers are engaged in are complex and lengthy. And we needed to provide enough accumulated intelligence for the system to actually be able to relate data to the story. And do that in an autonomous, comprehensive manner so that you're not just asking questions. It's actually figuring out on its own what parts of your data fit with the story. And bringing things to your attention even without you asking for it. So the way we achieve that is through a hybrid graph neural network. That's where the OS thoughts, if we call them thoughts, are stored. And the super agents come into play because they are contributors to that accumulated intelligence as they work alongside you while you're interacting with them doing your investigation. So the super agents really are independently thinking. They do plan and execute, much like we were talking about how agents work. But they do act at a higher level because they orchestrate other agents in a multi-agent context. And, as I said, they will spawn new agents if one's not available. So, for example, let's say Google wants to acquire Ultimatum. During due diligence, an attorney is going to want to know who was involved in the development of Ultimatum OS. What were their contributions over time? Did we acquire all of the intellectual property rights? That's a highly complex question. A chatbot cannot possibly answer that. Adding RAG isn't going to get you anywhere. Plus, RAG has a lot of problems when you try to scale in the size of data sets that our clients typically deal with. Multi-agents could get you there. But the thing about our clients is they deal with situations where the investigation involves much more than that. And things are interwoven and intertwined. So we need that accumulated intelligence to really get to the answers you need. Now, all this talk about our super agents, spawning agents, and adding them to the system. They literally do. Write the code. Compile the code. Do A-B testing. And then deploy the agent. But they don't get to just run around in your data set and do whatever they want. You always remain in control. In part because of the story. And in part because we've actually provided a way for you to control the thoughts and the actions of your super agent. So what we did was we built in neuroplasticity into this graph neural network where the super agent will, for example, we have a short story here about a whistleblower report. And the super agent will then form its own thoughts and ideas and outline, these are the lines of investigation it's autonomously doing to figure out whether this whistleblower report is true or not. What we did was give you the ability to control those thoughts and those lines of thinking. So, again, you always remain in control. I like to think of the pruning the branches there like a Jedi mind trick. These are not the nodes you are looking for. So move along. So what we do on a practical level is really help people, like I said, get to the information they really need in a quick and effective manner. It is very common for our clients to find critical information within the first half hour of using the platform. There's no training of a model or anything to do. You just start interacting with it after you've told your story, of course, which can be as long or as short as you want. Agents are very good at investigating unstructured data. And the ability for them to do autonomous AI analysis at scale is amazing. That's another aspect of our platform is the ability to analyze vast data sets at a rapid speed and provide far more information at much higher accuracy than humans can. So we have a client as an example. It has 4 million documents. They need to determine which ones of those are protected by the attorney-client privilege. You could take a team of 10 people and give them an average of one minute per document, and it will require three and a half years to do that analysis. And one minute per document for attorney-client privilege is not sufficient. So you're looking at a massive expense, a tremendous chunk of time, whereas using agents, we're able to complete that analysis in a matter of a few days. We provide a detailed report on each decision, which human reviewers don't give you, and, of course, save the client a tremendous amount of money on the way. Amazing. That sounds like a lot of either happy or unhappy lawyers somewhere around the globe, right? And it sounds really complex in the layering of the super agent and the orchestration, right? So what were some of the challenges that you came across? If you could share a little bit about, I'm sure it wasn't very easy to set all that up, right? Sure, yeah. So the challenge was really how to deal with 99% noise in an unstructured data set. I mean, that's the biggest pain point, really, for our clients. And for us to solve that problem, it does come down to the story, ultimately. I mean, when we started Ultimatum, Vasu, my co-founder, asked, we were vision casting. You know, what are we going to build? How is this going to work? And when he asked me if this platform could do anything, what do you want it to do? And coming from being a lawyer, knowing that whoever tells the best story wins, I said, I just want to tell my story to the computer and have it give me the best information. We were able to accomplish that with agents. I mean, they really are powerful allies, even in high stakes and complex situations like our clients are typically facing. Awesome. Thank you for sharing your story in the theme and spirit of Story LLM. Let's pass it on to Lakshman. And thank you for joining again. And this is so exciting because we have David here who's talking about an LLM OS agents story. And Lakshman's story is very much physical AI and agents, right? So same question for you, Lakshman. Tell me a little bit about your company, what you do, how big is your team, and how are you using agents? Thank you, Mac. Thank you, everyone. Thank you for attending. So hi, Lakshman here, like head of AI at MOI. So we are a vision AI agent company which hooks up like vision AI agents to existing CCTV cameras. And these agents makes the cameras like autonomous intelligent entities which can like analyze your video feed, generate reports, generate notifications if something is like out of ordinary. So these such agents have to work in like near real time, like, and it has to understand complex like video data. And also like to decide whether like it is an anomaly or not like to and send out notifications. So today, like CCTV monitoring and like security is a very labor intensive task. So there are like five to six people in an organization like looking at like their monitors, like monitoring five or six feeds. They don't like catch like most of the things. So what we want to do is we want to transform that by making your physical space like searchable. So think of it as like a Google, but for your physical spaces. So you can ask any question like in natural language. The system can bring in like instances of like when that happened. For example, so this is like a warehouse like where we are deployed. The customer wanted to know like when a bay door was opened in the morning. So the question can be as specific as like the time of the day, an action happening, an object like in the scene and all these things. So the agents had to work in like multiple diverse scenarios. We are deployed in industries like warehouses, residential properties, industrial complexes, manufacturing facilities. And the questions can be anything. So that's why an agentic workflow is a no-brainer for us because the probabilistic nature of like the questions and like the CCTV video feed, the agents can decide like how to answer those questions and how to get like the relevant information what the client is asking. As you can see in the video, there are like different questions and different environments like which our customers ask today. So what we built is like a search agent which can bring in like the relevant information for like the user questions. And the better part is like you can create like notifications and reports, which is like a notification agent which is taking care of it, and a reporting agent which is taking care of like the report section. So a customer can search for a search term. For example, in this like wet floor, you might ask why they are searching for a wet floor. In residential complexes, like a slip and fall, like it's a big liability issue. So they want to know if there is a wet floor and a person is like walking on that wet floor without having a wet floor sign. So the logic can be built by the client without like needing any code like written by us. And the clients can basically do what they want like for their particular space. It is all driven by data like which is coming out of the cameras mainly. So it's a multi-agent system, the platform is. We have like a scene selection agent. We have a search agent. We have a notification agent. We have a reporting agent. All of these agents have to work hand-in-hand to deliver the whole product. And the near real-time requirement like makes it a little bit more complex. Amazing. And on a similar vein, like a question for you is, you know, we're talking about businesses with small IT teams, right? And there's technical challenges when it comes to implementation. But there's also budgetary challenges, you know, challenges on making a decision like, hey, is this going to be ROI positive, right? So in your journey, how did you come to that conclusion that this is the path we're going to take? And did you face any challenges when making that decision? Yeah. So I can talk like internally, like why we decided to go on like an agentic workflow and for our customers also. So internally, we started like this like way back in like 2022, around that time. So the customers like we work with are like residential complexes, industrial facilities and all this. And they are not used to like seeing data put it in this way. So when we go with like analytics like or a report, they always have more questions. Can we do this? Can we do that? And we had to write like custom code like to build like the solutions for them. So with an agentic workflow, what we were able to do was like the data can decide like what the customer wants. And like the camera can decide like what the customer wants. So we just like facilitate like how the platform is like served in an agentic fashion and how the camera can decide like in an autonomous fashion what data to generate and all these things. On the customer side, we have like a residential customer who has like an operational person who goes and checks if a cleaning happens in their space between like a time, six to eight for say. Now it's just a question for them. Like they can ask like in our platform, show me all the cleaning instances that happened between like six to nine. And they can check for compliance basically. So the time that they save, now they are using for like improving the operational efficiencies in their organization, improving the safety protocol and all these things. Amazing. Amazing. Thank you both for sharing a story. Now, kind of just like an open group chat. And Payam, I'll start with you. What are some of the key considerations for businesses with small IT teams when they're embarking upon this agentic journey? Great question. I would say just like you heard from David and Echman is, and I've been doing AI for a couple of decades. I mean, you don't start with the technology. You don't just use agents just for the sake of technology. They don't go and say, hey, how can we use agents? They had a problem, right? And, you know, find a problem where there's value. Obviously, there was a problem. There was a lot of value. And agents just happen to be the right tool for it, right? So that's obviously number one. Don't go about and just say, hey, we need tomorrow. We all need to go and just use agents. Start with the problem. Two is agents, just like your employees, they, you know, having, let's say if you just hire a qualified employee, there is so much that they can do versus having an employee that's been trained and experienced with your processes and your data, right? Same way with agents. If you can give them access to, you know, securely, obviously, access to your data, they're going to be a lot more capable and powerful than an agent that doesn't have access to your data, right? And regardless of what objectives and what you can give them. Third is I would say that, you know, get started right now. Upskill your team, right? This is, I mean, as you heard, there's tremendous potential to it. So start educating your team, start having them use this as quickly, as much as you can across your teams and not just your developers, but I would say everyone in your company, in your businesses. And fourth, unfortunately, just like with any other technology, there's a lot more to it. There's a security. There's a governance. There's, you know, agent ops, as we like to call it. And so all of these things that you also need to consider and manage as well. So consider all of these things as well. And how does sort of, like, businesses think about how does it all come together in agent space today versus what was announced yesterday, right? No, that's a great question. And I think that's where, as I said, there's a lot of these considerations. And with agent space, what we like to offer is that if you have this managed platform, so now you don't need to worry about, hey, how do I scale this? How do I secure this? Because we help with the connectors to your data sources, whether it's, I don't know, ServiceNow, Salesforce, you know, or other enterprise systems that you have. We connect to them securely with all the access controls. We, you know, we deal with the governance. Like, we provide basically the mechanism to deal with the governance to see some of the insights of what agents are being used. We provide a way for every employee to create an agent through a no-code platform, start basically learning about agents and how using them again, come up with those ideas. So that's, you know, what if you had a platform that could do some of that, abstract some of that, hopefully you all can get to value faster with some of these technologies. Thanks for sharing. And I guess the question for our customers here, like the challenges that you face and the opportunities that you've discovered and the journey that you've gone through, you're well ahead of many, right? So would you have any advice on next steps or somebody who's new to this, how to get started? Yeah, so you can go. Okay, I'll go first. So I would say any time that you have a repetitive problem or one that, you know, you're really scratching your head about, how can we do this better? How can we do this more effectively? That's a great place to start. In our own journey, you know, again, looking at hundreds of thousands of documents, most of which don't matter, how do we get to the ones that matter? That's something that is a very complex problem. Agents turn out to be very, very good at that. One of the big challenges is the prompt engineering side. Getting the agent to do what you want it to do is not always that easy. And what we've always tried to do is take prompt engineering out of the customer's hands. We find that that can be disastrous. And what a big advantage of the agentic workflow is, you set it up so that the agent acts quite autonomously so there is no prompting by the customer. They're just inquiring about what they want to know or they're saying, I need a search done or, you know, just in plain language like we think. And an agent is able to go ahead and do the task without having to be prompted because prompt engineering is not quite as straightforward as some would seem to be. Yeah, so our journey to agentic workflow is after a lot of pain, blood and sweat and frustrated hours, right? So, like, in this journey, like, what we realized is, like, we have, like, a thumb rule now. Like, if we are given a task or, like, we have to develop an application. We ask, like, whether the application that the environment is going to be, the environment is going to be dynamic or, like, the task is, like, probabilistic in nature, the workflow of the task. So, if, like, this is the, if these two questions are answered, then you can decide whether, like, an agentic workflow is important or, like, necessary for, like, doing that application or not. So, in our case, like, the challenges that we face, like, are, like, mainly with respect to, like, agentic orchestration mainly. So, we started this, like, close to a year back. So, at that time, the tooling, like, for example, like, function calling, structured outputs. So, we had to, like, do, like, a very complex JSON parsing to take, like, the output and, like, make the agents do what we want. But, like, today, like, most of the, like, the LLMs, like, Gemini and, like, from Anthropic, everything has function calling and structured outputs, like, out of the box. And with, like, tools like MCP and A2A and, like, other ecosystems developing around the space, to develop an agent is becoming, like, much more easier. And accessibility is there, like, for people now. So, to get started, as Payam was telling, so, only when you start and try out things, like, you know the limitations. And also, like, you will know, like, where, like, you have to, where you can employ agents and where you cannot employ agents. It makes a lot of sense. You had me at JSON parsing. Yeah. So, you know, that's enough for me to think about agents. And just a final, like, quick question, open forum, right? You know, where do you, what are some of the emerging trends in both in your respective industries and Payam for you across multiple industries? What are you seeing? And what are your predictions for the next two, three years? I'll start. I would say three things. One is they're getting smarter in that there are specialized agents. You know, just, like, there's a storyteller agent. There's, you know, looking at, I guess, cameras agent or shopping agents. All these different expert agents, you know, they're getting really good at a specific task and getting smarter at what they do. Two is they are becoming more capable. Why is that? Because now we're giving them the ability, as Alex said, in terms of, for instance, with the A2A, you know, agent-to-agent collaboration. So now you can have multiple of these agents, you know, just like your super agents, your multi-agents working together and also with humans and other tools and other actions. So they're able to do a lot more than they were able to do, you know, before, like, talking about agents just being a chatbot. Now they can, you know, these multi-agents, they can do very complex tasks. And third, just exactly what Alex said, is that they're becoming easier and more accessible in that really every, you know, we introduced, for instance, agent designer in agent space, which is a no-code platform where any one of your employees can go and build an agent. And that, you know, I would say that these no-code platforms are getting better and there's more that you could do with them than you used to. And that's part of it. And so, again, I think agents could definitely become very prevalent in all the right tools, MCP, A2A, all these things are just helping you get along there. I don't know if you had any additional thoughts. Yeah, I think a trend I see is the machines are becoming more human-like in the sense that our interaction with them, it's natural language now, and, you know, it's going to become more and more like talking to each other and getting actual results. And as you were saying, Payam, it's they're getting better and better at that, and it's getting easier and easier to implement that. So I see that as a trend. Actually, what we would love to do is have our system where you just talk to it and it talks back to you. And I want to talk to Laksham because I want to connect the camera of your computer. So it's looking at your reaction. Oh, you didn't like that result? Let me try something else. So I'll talk to you about how we can do the video analysis after the show here. Next year at Next, you guys will be telling this story about how you talked about this, and it's actually a thing now.