 . Hi, my name is Praveen, Praveen Garoor. I work at Accenture. I'm a managing director at Accenture working along with Google, leading their Google business group. And I help clients implement the technologies from Google in meeting their transformation journeys. And in this case, I was joined on the stage along with our colleagues from HSBC, Teradata, and Google Cloud, where we spoke to the audience about a journey of a large and a complex data virus migration that we did for HSBC. The key there was how quickly we did it and how we innovated along with Google and our partners Teradata to bring this to life to HSBC was the key message. In fact, the challenge that we were having, and in fact the challenge that most of our clients today have, is while the AI is inventing at pace, the data that sits underneath that's needed to harness the data from AI is really sitting in complex on-prem data warehouses, and often they need modernization. And in this case, in our client HSBC, we had a similar case. We had a very large database, about 160 terabytes of data, a complex database built on on-prem Teradata, a monolithic architecture, very inflexible and difficult to scale. We spoke to the audience about how this challenge exists with many clients, and in particular, the need to modernize this at pace was the need of the R. The approach that we really took was not to refactor the data from the current on-prem and put it onto cloud, which normally takes a lot amount of time. And in this case, we did a lift and shift approach where we partnered along with Teradata, where Ben from Teradata spoke about how the Teradata vantage on cloud provides a great infrastructure to move lift and shift from an on-prem to cloud. And then we did this within six months, and we were able to bring this with zero disruption. And when Mike spoke about the benefits it brought to HSBC in terms of being able to decommission their current on-prem, sorry, current on-prem data warehouse and then move it to cloud, and the foundation that it sets today to be able to harness the full use cases on AI. And Raman from Google spoke about how seamlessly Google works both with first-party systems as well as third-party ISPs like Teradata, where we can help the clients meet where they need to be to be able to harness the power of AI. In fact, we also spoke a lot about the outcomes that we delivered jointly, both in terms of immediate cost savings that the banks saw, the speedy migration, the zero disruption that we delivered, and the pace at which we did the innovation, resulting in a huge optimization of their current landscape. And where it leaves them today is how they can harness all of this to take the full advantages of every features that Google announced both today as well as being innovating on AI and Gen-AI. We had a lot of interactive discussions with the audience where they wanted to learn about the journey, the challenges that we faced in this time, and how we could really move the scale of the data from on-prem to cloud. And there was lots of interactive discussions from the audience, and Mike spoke about how all of us collaborated to make this happen, and what they can do to replicate the same from their estates that they have. And really the message that we wanted to leave the audience was that wherever a customer is, in whatever part of journey, you can really benefit from having Google meet where the customer needs to meet. And with partnership of Accenture, HSBC, and ISV Select Teradata, we make this to bring this to life. Thank you.