 Hi, this is Sharif Abdul-Gohad. I'm a partner at KPMG. I'll be taking you through the journey of how you can be lean and adaptive to drive an outcome and realize the value of agents. Key things to succeed in the agentic way to have ability to cope up with the uncertainty and raise change, embrace uncertainty, embrace change. You do this by having a lean adaptive strategy, identifying mechanisms through your journey to identify the right value that drives an outcome in a trusted and a platform and product mindset. If you look at that, the key things with the agentics allow the agents to connect and extend the ability using tools as well as connectors to connect to different datasets. You mix generative and productive to drive the right task or the right model with the right outcome. Do not overestimate the operation side of the house as a structure as well as you need to make this in an optimized, trusted way. Build versus buy. Offload the architectures to the service provider. If SAP or Salesforce has an agent that meets your needs, use that agent and use agent-to-agent communications to orchestrate and drive the outcome. Build when you add value. Buy when you do not add value. If you look at how you're going to build this in a platform mindset, I would do the cross platforms, the two first layers, data as well as the multi-cloud control plane to enable you to drive the AI platform of your choice where you can plug and play different models and start surfacing these into either embedded, agent space or hybrid. We're going to show you that demo later on. Focus on your applications and the agent that you drive the business in a trusted fashion and a secure fashion as well. We're going to show demos of these in a few minutes. For now, we're going to look at how we're going to implement an agent that allows you to do the SOX operations. So if you look at this, this is the normal process that we do a SOX implementation. And we're going to build a demo to show the termination of a person. So if somebody leaves the firm or the enterprise, this is the normal process that you go to. We use at the back end here an agentic workforce that allows you to do the different components that we just demonstrated here. For example, let's show that I'm going to connect to the workday and I will be able to figure out how many of these people or the process that I need to connect to the workday. And then we'll look at how many people that actually triggered for terminations. I can select all of them. I'm going to start this process. An agent of agents will start working to identify, connect to the workday life, identify the key different risks, what systems that need to be terminated and actually go through this or assist you to do this. You'll see the different pop-ups here that comes in as it process the different employees. For example, if I look at this person, he's an engineer and actually I identify the system that has access to you and I can get an assessment from an agent to allow me to do this. You can do it fully autonomously and actually you have the trust to terminate that person and remove the credentials. You can open a ticket to connect through connectors to the service now or you can notify this if you will. So let's go ahead and try to do agent to the provision. What happens in the background, the agents will go through the planning and I need to log into the Active Directory. I need to connect, validate the access, get the credentials and remove. It will take a few seconds. If I reload this, it will be completed. You can do this across different of the other demos. You can do this on the different other tasks. Let's switch to another one where we show healthcare and show how we can assist a patient as well as a doctor in the process. Key things, AI at the edge is key. So you actually can connect your AI at the edge and see different metrics. You can look at the patients where they're looking, they're adding their profiles and have consents that you actually be sharing information with AI, etc. Most important one then where we look at an X-ray and want to assess the doctor. Here an agent works in collaborations to identify do I have the right consent. Do I have the patient history? I want to identify the medical image which is the X-ray using mid palm, mid LM, sorry. And find a research across your data to make a report that makes sense for that. After you identify this, you can chat and look into the data in depth and get an assessment. With that, thank you for attending. Thank you for watching the recap. Looking forward to seeing you in the field and looking forward to helping you through your journey.