 Hi, my name is Sergei Yaknin. I'm the Chief Technology Officer at Isomorphic Labs, and I'm excited to be presenting the company to you today. Our mission is to use artificial intelligence to solve all disease. How are we going to do it? It starts off with developing unique technology to allow us to model comprehensively at the atomic resolution the structure of just about any molecular complex. This relies on our ability to deploy a wide variety of machine learning approaches, starting from generative models that allow us to generate molecules according to any design specification, all the way through to advanced search-based methods that allow us to search the complexity of molecular space to find molecules that fit the criteria that we need. And a key tenet of our company is developing models that are general, that model the underlying biology and chemistry, thereby being therapeutic area agnostic and therapeutic modality agnostic, allowing us to go after any disease. It all starts with an amino acid sequence of a protein, which is a string of amino acids when it gets synthesized. Of course, the molecule itself is not a string of letters, it's actually a set of molecules, each amino acid having its unique shape. And when the molecule is synthesized, it starts spontaneously folding into a 3D structure. And it is exactly this 3D structure that gives that protein most of its function. Our ability to comprehensively model the structure not just of single proteins, but of the entire universe of proteins known to man, allows us to go after any disease target. Take, for example, this protein called Pol-Theta. Certain cancer cells rely on Pol-Theta's ability to repair DNA damage, where the DNA molecule comes in into the clamp of the protein in order to survive. If we're able to design a molecule that goes into the back of that clamp and interacts with it, it may block the DNA from being able to enter, thereby devoiding the cancer cell from the ability to repair its DNA, causing the death of the cancer cell. What makes this possible? A system called AlphaFold3 that we jointly developed with Google DeepMind is a technology that allows us to do this on drug discovery programs. AlphaFold3 is a deep neural network that uses an adapted transformer architecture in its main processing trunk called the pairformer, and then attaches a diffusion head that makes it into a generative model that allows us to generate diverse molecular candidates that form the basis of future drugs. Let's look at how this is actually playing out in real life. We're looking here at a cancer target called TIM3. This vignette follows a series of designs performed by an experimental design team that we're also predicting with our AlphaFold3 model. Our predictions are shown in the bold colors, and the ground truth experimental structures are shown in the lighter colors. And as you can see, as the molecule design evolves, our model is able to predict the evolving structure with exceeding accuracy. And this is exactly what our drug designers do on a daily basis. We have a whole team of medicinal and computational chemists that are using our models on a daily basis in order to advance our programs that we perform both with our partners as well as on our own internal portfolio of challenging drug targets. Now, the technology AlphaFold3 that we have developed gives us a great capability to model at atomic resolution the structure of individual proteins or protein complexes. But we actually know that inside the cell, tens of millions of proteins are interacting with each other on an ongoing basis. And if we have any hope of being able to comprehensively treat all disease, we need to be able to model cells. This is a vast undertaking, but we're already underway. But of course, we cannot actually stop there because cells do not exist in isolations. They form part of complex tissues. And when disease begins and develops, it doesn't develop in just a single cell. It develops within the tissue. And understanding these interactions are really, really important. But we cannot stop at tissues either because, of course, tissues form organs and organs interact with each other to form the entire human being. And in order for us to be able to comprehensively model biology, we need to be able to reason over all of these different layers of biological systems. In order to be able to do this, we're going to need lots and lots of data. Some of that data already exists, but much of it still needs to be created. We're going to use AI to help us integrate data across all of these scales and create AI analogs of humans, representing multiple scales of biology. We're then going to use other AI systems, our AI agents, in an open-ended in silico discovery loop that will allow us to design molecules against any target, thereby impacting the lives of millions of patients in the future. We're quite early in our mission. Please come and join us to solve all disease with AI at Isomorphic Labs. We'll see you next time.