 Please welcome TCS head of AI and cloud business, Gaurav Sial. Hi, I just like this music a lot. Brings a lot of energy out. My name is Gaurav Sial. I take care of the AI and cloud business. For the EMEA region in TCS. Before we start this session, a little story about myself. This is me. This is not my first visit to Vegas. I've been to Vegas earlier. And about three years ago, I visited Grand Canyon. When I visited Grand Canyon, I was obviously impressed by its grandeur, by the vastness of it. But I was also told an interesting fact by a local. Grand Canyon is actually 277 miles long from start till end. Fact, but not interesting. The interesting bit is that the number of people who have hiked Grand Canyon from start till end is smaller than the number of people who have been on the moon. That was my Grand Canyon moment. After that, I started my hiking journey. I'm based in London. I did all the tallest mountains in UK, in Scotland, in Wales, in England, and hiked them all. And hopefully, hopefully, I will be able to do Grand Canyon one day. That was my Grand Canyon moment. Today, what we have is a panel discussion with Lloyd's Banking Group. And their Grand Canyon moment was when they started the cloud journey around four years back. Rather, 2020, five years back. And how did they embrace the journey, the cloud journey five years back, as well as the AI journey that they started recently? We want to discuss about that part. We want them to share their experiences, learnings, and that's what we want all of you to take back. So, with that, I would want to call our powerful panelists. One thing, before I call the panelists, Rohit, who is the Chief Strategy AI Officer in Lloyd's Banking Group, has unfortunately injured himself, so he's not available. But the other two panelists definitely are there. So, I'll call Richard first. Richard Bates. Richard is actually the data... Go on. Come on. Come on first. Come on. Thank you, Richard. Thank you for coming. Have a seat. Now, about Richard, he is the data and analytics head in... AI and data analytics head in Lloyd's Banking Group. And he's responsible for the overall platform, which delivers the services to bank. I'll also want to call Amit. Amit Thawani. Now you come, Amit. Then I'll do. Thank you. Thank you for coming. Amit is actually a powerful personality, CIO of business division, which is thriving the most in Lloyd's Bank. The insurance, pension and investment to see a perspective from business side. You know, what are they demanding? What are they asking? And how are we delivering from our side? So, that's what we want to do here. We'll dive in. Thank you once again, both the gentlemen, for coming in here. Thank you, Gaurav. Thank you. How is it for you, Gaurav. How is it for you, Gaurav. How is it for you, till now, before I start the panel discussion? Next, really good. Really good. Really enjoying it. A bit jet lagged. But, yeah. Really good. It's been brilliant. I mean, yesterday was full of energy. Today was a bit of mix. But I think when you come here to these forums, these kind of sessions, you get to meet a lot of people from different backgrounds, from different types of businesses. And then you learn from them, how it's going for them. So, I think it's been a really good learning experience so far. Great. Thank you. Let's dive in. Amit, first, I want to ask you, Lloyd's is actually one of the largest bank in the UK. Around 27 million customers, if I'm not wrong. Prestigious brands, Lloyd's, Scottish Widow, Halifax, and a few others. While the bank is there, and a lot of people know about it, I think it's 300 years old, if I'm not wrong. Yeah, close to 320 years. Is it possible to tell about the vision objectives and the journey of the past few years with respect to the business and technology transformation? It'll be good to hear both the perspective from technology as well as business summit. Sure. I would try to cover the ground. And so, we are not only Halifax, Bank of Scotland, Scottish Widows. We are a group of 27 companies in the UK with 27 million customers, quite digitally active customers. Almost 80% of our customers are digitally active. We have a book of over 1 trillion pounds, close to 1 trillion pounds. And we are in number one in UK on all the products. So, talking about mortgage or cards or insurance. So, we are known for our breadth. I mean, the population of UK is, let's say, 67 million out of which 50 million people are bankable population. We own half of them. So, pretty good market situation. Now, either we can be lethargic or just assume that because we have got 50% market share and do nothing, and then we wait for the things to happen, or we continuously try to invent ourselves. So, what has been happening in the last couple of years on business side, there was a deep perspective on becoming customer-centric. And we talk about customer-centric, but then most of the time, you are still product-centric because of the way you're organized. So, Lloyd's did a couple of years ago is to think from product and platform perspective. And then bring the propositions forward, other than the products forward. So, this was the one big change. The second is, traditionally, Lloyd's has been operating in a very waterfall-ish way of working where projects took very, very long to execute. They cost a lot of money. ROI was not clearly defined. So, we changed the ways of working from being waterfall to completely agile with a joint partnership between business and tech. Now, we have done a lot in the last two years. So, if you talk from technology point of view, one of the big things we have been doing is simplification and modernization. So, we had a big real estate of applications, close to 4,000 plus applications. We are decommissioning the applications year on year. So, last year, I think we decommed close to 1,000 applications. The whole idea of decommissioning is to make the real estate simple. Second, we are aiming for pace, productivity, and predictability because the needs are changing constantly. And we want to be more efficient. So, how do we bring it all together? So, the agile way of working, simplifying and modernizing our tech stack, but also thinking how can we scale our business? How do we scale our business from infrastructure point of view, from application point of view, from service level agreements point of view? And because you're a bank, customers expect you to be available 24 by 7. So, we have been investing a lot on technology and data to build the right foundation. Things like personalization, which are super, super, I think, important for any of the businesses. It was quite common in the retail business, but now even the banks are expected to have kind of personalization. So, we are pushing the pedal on how we bring the best in the breed frictionless customer experience. How can we help the customers on their entire life journeys? So, that's why I said we are not thinking about products. We are thinking about propositions. So, Lloyd's Banking Group, to your point, we do all sorts of banking. So, retail banking, commercial banking, small business. We do insurance. We do pensions. We do investments. So, we look after customers' today's needs and their tomorrow needs. And the whole idea is to bring it all together. People in the UK or anywhere else, let's say, they don't know when they want to retire, how much money they will need to retire, how much is enough, how they can protect their life and their assets and their loved ones. So, we are trying to build a proposition where when you come in as a young adult and we would like to service our customers until they're alive or even after that. So, a lot is happening from the tech side as well as the business side to bring it all together and not act as a silo. Thank you. Thank you. Can I do a tiny little build? Please. A little yes and. So, two other little facts. Yes. So, one, our app, it gets 7 billion logons. It is 7 billion, isn't it? Yes. 7 billion. 7 billion logons a year. So, it's one of the biggest apps in the UK in terms of interactions. And then there's a binding principle that binds our organization. So, we have a common purpose. We call it Help Britain Prosper. And that's the kind of galvanizing strategy that Charlie, our CEO, spawned, I think, a couple of years ago, two or three years ago. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Rich. And some very impressive numbers. 7 billion, you know, half of the citizen banking with Lloyds. Great one, but one thing you mentioned about, you know, the insurance part and, or the pension part, rather. And nowadays, you know, we have been seeing that Gen Z. Yeah. They don't want an insurance towards the end. What they want actually is, you know, the pension in phases. They want to work for a while. They want to go on a holiday. Come back, work for a while, go on a holiday. So, the pension in phases is also one thing which is coming in. And I'm sure you guys are thinking about that. Now, going to the next part, and it's just not possible to talk about it, you know, any meeting, any session. If I can't, if I'm not talking about AI, Gen AI, I'll be termed as a criminal. So, to AI and Gen AI, very impressive technology, Rich. Yep. We saw that in the keynote as well. We saw that during the visit to Sphere, where Google and Sphere, they are recreating a movie, a visit of course for Sphere as well. The way I put it is, AI has thrown a grenade. It has thrown a grenade in sparking innovations and changing the way all the industries are working. While you have embarked on an AI, Gen AI journey. Can you tell us a bit about it? Sure. And what are you doing in terms of the adoption? So, let's start with the strategy. So, from a strategy point of view, we're focused around five key pillars. So, it's AI for all as a generic sort of banner. But we're focused on engineering. So, how do we help our engineers become more productive, helping them write code, execute code, test code accordingly, as well as dealing with migrations. So, we have quite a lot of, as Amit said, 4,000 systems. A lot of those are written on old languages. We're updating to more modern languages. We've used Gen AI last year. We actually used CodeLama to migrate Spark to a newer version of Spark. And we got about a 30% productivity gain. So, that's engineering. And there's a lot more going on there. There's then our customer operations. So, how do we help our colleagues in the back offices become more productive? This is probably the area where there's the largest amount of use cases and where we're seeing the biggest benefits today. So, the summarization capability, the reading of documents. Yeah. This is hugely transformational technology that's very, very powerful, much more powerful than it was maybe a couple of years ago. So, I've worked in this space for some time. You know, document reading. You would be lucky if you got to 80% kind of quality levels, particularly if you're handwritten or the documents. Scanning wasn't that clear. We've used – we've probably processed more than 7 to 8 million documents using Gen AI today, working actually with yourselves in TCS along with Google. And we're receiving somewhere in the region of 96 to 97% accuracy. Now, that is better than a human. Yeah. We've done tests. We've given the same thing to humans. And we've given the same thing to Gemini. And we've got higher results from Gemini. Yeah. So, and obviously, it's, you know, no offense to humans, but it's a bit cheaper. The next area of focus is our colleagues that deal with customers. So, how do we help our colleagues understand customers, provide the right response to customers? Again, there's a lot of use cases there, particularly in the corporate banking, private banking world, as well as our colleagues in our contact center. As an example, we're using Gen AI to summarize calls, to increase the throughput of calls so they don't have time to – well, they don't need to document everything in the system that we use to capture the calls. So, that's working really, really well. The final group is direct to customer. To be honest, this is the most risky area, and it's the one that we're cautiously stepping into. And this is one thing we'll talk about it a bit later on in terms of where we're going with agents. But today, if you talk to our chat bot, so if you're one of the 7 billion logons and you happen to have a conversation with the chat facility, the intent of that discussion text prompt that you're writing actually hits a Gen AI model and determines what you need. So, we figure out your intent, what you're actually trying to do. So, you're trying to tell us that your card should be blocked because you've lost it, or you're trying to tell us that you want a new insurance product. Yeah. The intent is driven by Gen AI, but then the response comes back through our traditional, more deterministic approach to the chat bot. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. So, that's the strategy. I think we've got over 200 use cases on our backlog. We're currently working on about 50 of them, and there's a good chunk live today. And it's generating a decent return. Good. I think, thanks for the answer. And I think whatever you said, it actually proves that Gen AI technology, while there was haziness, let's say, about a year ago, but it is working. Yes. While it might not have reached the nirvana stage, but it's working for everyone. And your example being that it is better than human. It shows what wonders it can do. So, thanks again for that. But also, I mean, a couple of examples from my domain. Let's talk about insurance. So, insurance process, what do you expect as a customer? So, when customers call us or they contact us, either their house is on fire or someone has died or their house has got flooded or they've got a car crash. Like, they call when they are in deep stress or the situation is not so good. And they don't have time to wait on a call for multiple, let's say, call rotations and transferring the calls. They expect you to, can I log my request and can I get my claim done, like ASAP? Traditionally, we have been doing it quite manually within the bank or within the insurance domain. We have built some models now for straight through claims processing. We do process 98% claims in Lloyd's Banking Group. So, we do honor 98% claims. That means we only have 2% cases where we are due to fraudulent reasons or actual reasons we don't do it. So, why we can't speed up the pace of claims management. So, we have made a couple of models. We have, now they are live. And we can see the outcome. This also drives the customer satisfaction. So, it's not only about efficiency on our side. I think this also drives the customer satisfaction. They tend to think that, okay, the bank is there when we actually need them. So, we are thinking about lots of use cases. One of the examples is also CXUX. The world is moving towards different ways of interacting with the website or with the apps. So, gone are the days when you see a typical website with a menu on the left and then the tile on the top. They want the Gen Zs. You asked about Gen Zs. So, we actually hired a couple of feature teams of Gen Zs in a small university location in UK. And we asked them, how would you like to interact with your bank? What are your priorities? How do you look at these kind of interactions? And they came up with lots of brilliant ideas. They came up with lots of gamification ideas, which now we have baked in into our mobile app. And we are thinking of how do we redesign our web to make it a little bit more LLM driven rather than a traditional static kind of stuff. So, I think the use cases are immense. We are going a bit slow. To train these models, you need the clean data as well because it's garbage in, garbage out. So, it takes a lot of efforts to first build the data right, have the right lineage. And since we are heavily regulated in terms of industry, we need to be able to prove of our decision making on what was the basis of those decisions and the model. So, it's a long journey, I would say. I think you mentioned it earlier about the bank changing it and making yourself more agile and nimble. I think all these changes that you are doing for Gen Z shows that you have become agile and nimble. So, thanks for that. Rich, I'll come back to you for while we've spoken about AI. Yep. You started the cloud journey around five years back as a bank. Let me take my analogy of the hikes that I've been doing. Whenever I'm doing an uphill, you face a lot of challenges. You know, there are no ways. It's a rugged path. You don't know. There are no milestones, et cetera, et cetera. But once you reach there, you get the satisfaction. Same way, I'm sure, when you're adopting a new technology. And when you started doing it five years ago, you know, adopting the cloud, you would have faced certain challenges. Yes. What were those challenges and how did you overcome that? So, there's lots. And I'm sure most of you are going through some kind of cloud transformation today. So, I'll just be brief on this one. So, first one is take your stakeholders with you. So, we're a bank. We're heavily regulated. We have big teams of risk colleagues that keep us safe and secure. Involve them in the process early. Make sure you've got a senior stakeholder who's backing you. We're very fortunate to have our CEO who's very technically literate and passionate about helping Britain prosper. He's a huge champion for change. So, that's stakeholders. Focus on your use cases. So, how are you going to add value to your customers, to your colleagues, to generate some return on the investment that you're making? And I would recommend that there's sort of some easy use cases and maybe some more challenging but probably more rewarding use cases and have a balance of both. And have some heroes but also have some quick wins. And you can use that in your stakeholder communications. So, that's use cases. Build your platform from your use cases. So, we've all, and I've done it a couple of times in two different organizations. We're building out a common capability that can be used for many different things. But we're building it out iteratively to meet use cases and return that investment. People. The tech is great. But if you haven't got a good team, you need to correct that really, really early on. And I would link to that architecture. So, you should have some guiding architecture that's guiding your decisions. In my previous organization, we did create a bit of a Frankenstein because we didn't have such good architectural control. So, that would be a strong recommendation again. So, you were lucky you had TCS in Lloyds. So, TCS have obviously helped us in Lloyds. But, yeah, just to summarize, stakeholders, take them with you. People. Let people make the technology. It's not technology making the technology yet. Maybe in the future. Architecture. And then build your use cases and have some heroes and some quick wins. That would be my sort of five key tips. Thank you. Some interesting golden nuggets, you know, from you. Can I add the... I mean, in my observation, we also had some impact on the processes. So, when you go to cloud, certain processes need to be adapted to the cloud journey. And risk and finance models also change. Because going to cloud is a shared responsibility model. So, it's not entirely the cloud provider's responsibility or not entirely ours. So, the shared model takes a while to understand. The guardrails that we need to build to get there. And lastly, the finance is also a bit different. So, the treatment of finance, capex versus opex, can drill a hole in your book or on your accounts if you're not careful. So, we learned it hard way. Got it. Thank you. And by Lamit, we are talking. The financial industry is actually going under a drastic digital transformation. Let me use that word. And they are giving significant benefits. They are, you know, increasing your customer experience, making it better. You know, you can personalize the financial, you know, transactions and also, you know, suggestions for how much and where do they invest, et cetera, et cetera. Now, it also comes with challenges. And especially with the banking and financial institution insurance, there is an add-on challenge. First challenge being, how do you maintain the transparency and data accuracy? And make sure that everything is ethical. The second, and where I said the banking and financial institution comes in, is the regulatory part of it. Yeah. Because you need to work around or work with the regulatory bodies. Yeah. While I'm not saying it's easier for other verticals or organizations or domains, but it is very stringent and difficult for banking. How did you do it? So, I will answer the second question first. Go ahead. So, you said we work with the regulators. So, within the UK, we have FCA, we have PRA. They both have their own purpose. And we, in Lloyd's, we treat them like, we don't treat them like a blockers. So, we are super transparent and we engage with the regulators early enough. So, if we have an idea, either going to cloud or building some kind of new model or experimenting with some new tech, we early engage with the regulators. And we tell them, hey, this is what we want to do. Do you see any challenges? Can we get some pre-guidance on using this new tech or these new models? First of all, that builds the trust that we are being fully transparent. Second is, we get to see what's coming or what may block these initiatives. And third is, then we are better prepared. And we start small. And then we have backing from the regulators to experiment and try in a very controlled manner and controlled with a small side of that. So, this is first. And second is, we need to also build the culture. So, like we have a risk department in every organization, we don't perceive risk as a burden. We think risk are our partners. They are the brakes on our car, which will let us go faster. Likewise, with the regulators, I think there's a reason they exist. I talked about we made a trillion-pound book in Lloyd's Banking Group. It's not our money. It's our customers' money. They have put in a lot of trust to bank with us and keep their life saving with us. So, it's our responsibility. It's also the consumer duty to look after their assets and then treat it like it's ours, right? So, in a way, I think the regulators, they tend to remind you of the risks that may happen or the challenges that may come your way when you try to. So, we really early engage with them. We build full transparency, full partnership. We do inform them about small incidents that we have in the bank. Like, we don't cover the things under the carpet. So, that's the answer to your second part of the question. First is, how do we bring the data transparency? First of all, we need to have a trust on our data that we have. So, with Rich and team, we realized that we have tons of data. I think we are the second biggest data custodians in the UK after the government. Yeah. Because we are a large bank and we have a history of 300 years and we do commercial retail and, like, all the products. Having said that, having data itself is not enough. The data has to also make some sense. And to make some sense out of data, we need to bring it all together. Four or five years ago, Rich, I remember when we analyzed our data landscape, we had lots of data puddles. So, data was sitting all over the place. But there was no unique way to analyze and stitch this data together to make any kind of meaningful insights. When we started this journey, like you said, five years back, we started to think about, if we bring it together, how are we going to maintain the consistency of this data information? How are we going to manage the data lineage? Because lineage is super, super important. And if we start to report based on this big data lake sitting in BigQuery, let's say, how confident we are to use this data for our regulatory, for our finance, for our risk reporting. So, it took us a lot of time to build the data products. So, we are currently in the journey. We are building data products for business-specific purposes, which is called CDPs. We have FDPs, which are foundation data products. And then we have common pipelines. We shift left. And we are trying to build the clean data, stitch data. So, not in the ETL format, but it's like before you transform and move it to GCP. So, we want to move the clean data. But as I said, garbage in, garbage out. Are we there? Honestly speaking, no. But we are on to the journey. It will take a while. We are learning through our experiments. We identify number of data products that we will deliver by each business unit per year. These are our KPIs. And they have a clear business outcome and purpose. It's like we are not doing this tech modernization for the sake of doing it. Every time we talk to our CEOs or Chuchali or Chira, they say, if there is no outcome for the customer or for colleagues or for the shareholders, there is no point in doing something. Right? So, there is no point in investing money. So, we put those different lenses when we decide on what needs to be done. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks, Amit. And especially breaking the myth that regulators are not some scary being sitting somewhere trying to make your life difficult. But making sure that you are doing the right thing. Yeah, exactly. And you have to work with them. Can I add a small build? So, we're working on thinking specifically something we're doing today with the regulator. So, we actually test on the regulator's sandbox. Exactly. So, we take our product to their sandbox, invite some customers, and we do it in full transparency, full view of the regulator. And that helps us again. It helps them learn. It helps us learn. So, it's a kind of win-win. I think it makes a lot of sense. Now, I think everyone would want to know this. My ask from both of you, or rather, what I would understand is, what do you think are the key innovations that will come in financial industry when you are using, say, these new-gen technologies? Data transformation, cloud, AI, gen AI. What do you think, and how do you think it will impact your industry? If I had the crystal ball. I wish. I mean, in the keynote yesterday, we saw it's all about agentic AI. So, we are going to really highly simplify the workflows. It will bring a hell of an amount of automation. And it will give us additional brain power to think about things. So, in terms of decision-making and problem-solving, we will have much, much better help going forward. I think we all are looking for this kind of help. If I go to any tool in the market today, and if I say, how much money I need for my retirement, I can retire at 55, there is not one-size-fits-all. Correct. But with the new technology, with agentic AI, and then when this all super brains that talk to each other and build, it will be a unique, personalized recommendation for me. And if you start to match this data with your health information, with your financial information, with your family situation, like geopolitics, all of it, is going to be a very, very, I think, significant improvement in the lifestyle going forward. I think the way we interact with our banks is going to completely change. So, I don't know how it will be, but then it won't be the same as we currently do. I do remember my first banking experience back in the 90s. Calling the call center was a big thing. Like, okay, Citibank was the first one back in India. And then it was stock of the town having an ATM to withdraw money. Now we have come a far way, and the technology is really developing at a much faster pace now than it used to be. But I think it's going to be, I'm super excited about the future of, let's say, banking and technology coming together. Frankly, I don't remember when did I visit the branch last. I honestly don't remember. Yeah. And these Gen Zs, they don't want to talk to anyone. They are all, like, text-driven. So, if you ask a Gen Z to pick up the phone and talk to someone, they would rather do a texting. So, my son, he's 18-year-old. I asked him to go and open his bank account. He said, can I open it online? Like, so that's the thing. I think the customer expectations are constantly changing, and this also will drive innovation. The unfortunate part is Gen Z, and I'm talking about my children. Not that they don't want to talk to anyone. They also don't want to talk to me. So, I don't know how it will go. Yeah. They get their advice from TikTok and so on. Yeah. So, should I just do a little build on, Amit? So, I think, you know, a cheesy line, but the only way is Agentic. So, Agentic is going to be a massive deal for both customers and for colleagues. So, we're already testing today avatars and how customers interact with that. I predict that, you know, waiting for someone to pick up the phone and answer your query is a thing that's going to disappear in the next couple of years. Because things like IVRs and so on, they're going to disappear, and you'll talk to someone. It will either be a human or it will be an AI agent dealing with your query. From a colleague perspective, so our employees, I expect them to interact with agents to help them do their day-to-day work. So, if you're in engineering, you'll have a little assistant on your side. If you're in credit risk, you'll have a little assistant on your side. If you just want to know how many holidays I've got left, there'll be a little HR assistant helping, and that will all bind together into a common experience. It will even impact the way we do business intelligence today. So, today, you know, we have a point-and-click environment that might be a Tableau, a Power, a Looker. That will be much more conversational. It will be talking to a device, interacting with it. And then it will be taking actions based upon the insights that are going, you know, on your screen. So, I think it's going to really change over the next three to four years. Thank you. A quick thing that, you know, I would ask Amit, and obviously Rich, you as well. While the technology seems very simple, you know, simple to implement, simple to use, but if you look under the hood, it's still, you know, you have to coordinate via diverse stakeholders. Yeah. It's a complex transformation. You know, you have to accept it. You have to say it loud. It is a complex transformation. How do you think and where do you think the partner ecosystem helps in this? Or can it be done all alone as an enterprise? So, Amit, if... I mean, I have my clear perspective. So, we are partnering with TCS for almost 18 years now. At Lloyd's Banking Group, you are the first partners that we onboarded at a scale. The reason for having partners is super important. For me, they bring a lot of outside-in view. They bring a lot of experience from across the globe, especially players like TCS who are all over the globe. Secondly, they bring expertise and experience from other industries. That's also important for inventing, let's say, the banking and finance. So, why we can't get inspired from retail or telecom, for example. And then, when you are going through massive transformation, you may not have all the skills that you need for your transformation. So, relying on partner for skills, for scale, for expertise, for experience is super, super important for the success. And we have been doing it very successfully for latents. So, like, our entire COE for cloud is in partnership with TCS. I think for the last five, seven years, we partner with TCS on digital modernization. Of course, because we are evolving as an organization, we have lots of monoliths. Now, in order to get to a microservices architecture, we can't do it all alone. We need helping hand. We need partners who can think alongside, who can challenge us. So, I think this is a very important part of the entire ecosystem. Doing it alone won't be fun either. Thank you. Rich, before you add on to it, just for the audience, we'll have one or two questions taken, basis the time. Rich, if you go ahead and then we'll take the... I don't really have a build on what Amit described. So, I've worked with partners for 20-odd years, delivering various solutions. Nothing to add. Inside out. Inside out. Inside. Outside in thinking. So, bringing new ideas. You know, I've benefited personally from that over many years. And then I think the scale thing is hugely important. So, for us as an organization, to hire up a team typically takes three to six months. And then, you know, people like yourselves can bring in that talent and do it almost at a click of a finger, which, you know, is incredibly powerful. Thank you. I think the other aspect might be the cross-industry experience as well, right? Because nowadays, the boundaries are blurring. While you do a retail banking, you know, retailers would want to do the customized personalized experience for their customers. So, that kind of knowledge, I'm assuming the partners can also bring. We didn't actually mention it on the previous question. But, of course, the future is very dependent upon our customers and how our customers respond to the technology and solutions that we provide. So, we always test. So, like the avatars, for example, that I was mentioning is literally in test with consumers as we speak today. Sure. Thank you. One quick question we can have if audience has anything to ask. No pressure. And you can ask difficult questions because they are answering and I'm not. So, feel free. No questions? Okay. There's one person there. Yeah. So, a fantastic session and thank you. It was really insightful. The question that I wanted to ask was we saw implementations of Imagine 3 and a lot more visual generative AI in yesterday's session. I want to ask you if in the banking sector, are there any use cases that you have or that you particularly see with visual generative AI? Yes. So, the marketing team is very interested in testing similar technologies to Imagine 3. So, the goal is to personalize the content much more than we do today. So, today we typically do maybe ABC type testing. So, we have different creatives and we do testing. In the future, literally content can be generated specifically to that individual. It can take the brand parameters for the different brands. It can take your personal characteristics and literally create an image that's tailored to you. So, we think that's hugely powerful from a marketing point of view. Thank you. Feel free to add. Yeah. I would like to add. So, in my business domain, we do a lot of advice. It's a very advice-driven domain because it's about investments, long-term investments, depending on your risk appetite, your goals. So, it requires a lot of interaction or while you are filling up the forms, you need some helping hand. I think for those kind of videos, like very contextual, not blanket static videos, but like if you can generate them on the fly, depending on what the customer is doing or what he's asking for or she's asking for, will be immensely helpful. So, it will be very personalized. Rather than reading or pointing someone to another page and then go and read 500 pages, which no one understands, I think talking in a simple plain English and generating this kind of videos and I think visuals will be super important. Thank you. Any other questions that we have with the audience? Otherwise, I have one for you, but I'll wait. Okay. Then let me ask. I'm also conscious of the time. And you have to be honest and impromptu. You can't think. Okay. One word. What are your sentiments about these new technologies that are coming? AI, Gen AI, the power of it, the cloud computing. We saw the processor speed, how it is increasing proportionally, you know, 3600x, et cetera, et cetera. One word. The sentiment that you have. Not professional, not personal. Your sentiments, your own. I had two sentiments, if I may. Okay. Right? So after watching the keynote yesterday, I was super excited and immediately after that, I was a bit depressed. Sorry. I was a bit depressed. Okay. The reason for excitement is known because it was such a brilliant session. All that is happening in the world of technology. The reason I felt depressed was I am not moving fast enough myself to learn all this great stuff. I mean, I'm really missing out. Second is the world has moved really far now in terms of tech. And the banking and financial industry is still in the catch-up mode. So it will take us a while to really benefit from all these advancements. And when do I get the chance to really experiment and work with this? And then usually, you know, in terms of corporate life, we have daily routines, busy routines. We are stuck sometimes on Office 365. We don't get out of it because you are on mails and teams and meetings and discussions. So how you can free up more time. So for my other agent, I would be how can I free up more time to really spend time to learn and educate myself on this new tech so that we can bring it in Lloyd's Banking Group for benefit of customers and colleagues and investors. Thank you. That was a long one word, by the way. Yeah, but you might ask why I was depressed. It was combination. Just kidding. You can share your sentiments. It's okay. In a sentence as well. I was going to say excited, but I might use that. So it's more than one word. I'll just say scared for my children. So I am a little bit worried about my kids and what the world of work is going to look like in 15 years' time. You know, I don't know. So that's just an honest answer. But excited personally, but maybe scared a little bit for the future and honest answer. That's interesting because when I speak to people, customers, I get that a lot, honestly. You know, saying, going back to the Wizard of Oz example in Sphere, what it was at the recreating the movie. Now, with Gen.ai, you can't have anyone there, and you don't know the authenticity of it as well. I'm sure there are guardrails. I'm sure there are security. But I often get that part that it is scary. Is it the Skynet from a Terminator? Is that a reality that is coming? I mean, we saw this afternoon at one of the Google events where they talked about SecOps, and some of the North Korean intruders managed to get a job with a fake ID into the organizations. Like, that's scary business, seriously. All that is happening with deep fake really scares me. So to your point, we don't know what's going to happen next with this because tech has, like, lots of upside, but then in the wrong hand, it can do a lot bad as well. I agree, but I think, you know, just kind of summarizing this sentiment, I think every technology, you know, can be exploited either way. It's up to us how to use it. You know, as they say, there is a knife that you give it to a surgeon or to a criminal, but you know how to use the knife. So I think the security and guardrails that we are putting in to make sure that the technology is working right, I think, is the key thing to do. But thank you. Thanks a lot for your time. We are at the top of the hour. Really great discussing things with you. I hope the audience has learned a lot, has had experiences sharing. Pleasure speaking to you. Also, you know, it also shows when ambition meets execution. You know, when you think about a cloud journey or an AI journey, or if I may say so, you know, the hiking journey, you can do it. And with that, we want to wrap up this session. And I hope the session itself has inspired, you know, some of you in having either your personal journey or a professional journey and see where it is and what is your Grand Canyon moment. But thank you. Thanks again, audience. I hope you enjoyed and thank you for your time. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks, Scott. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. You're welcome. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. What you have設ied today, government, Bears Leg Dort, where the UBSiana Keefe works for