 . Hello, my name is Venkat Sardas, and I'm an outbound product manager with Google Cloud with Apigee. In this talk, we're doing a recap of managing API sprawl with API Hub. If you're a platform lead, or if you're an architect managing an API program, this slide should be very familiar to you. This is a snapshot of your API ecosystem. What you notice here is APIs that are sprinkled across different gateways in your ecosystem, but more importantly, metadata of the APIs sprinkled across multiple tools in the ecosystem. Now, this poses a few challenges for your teams. Let's look at the lens of the problem from the platform lead. The platform lead is constantly looking at new APIs that are getting created in these gateways week over week. When new APIs are deployed, they have a question to see whether these new APIs are compliant with your company's API standards. And there is no easy way for them to know that today because APIs get deployed across gateways. When we think about the internal developer who's building APIs, they come, they want to find APIs that serve a purpose. Because they're trying to solve a problem. The problem is a natural language. They want to know if there's APIs that exist that address this problem. If they don't find an API, they just go build one. And at that point, you run into the problem of duplication of APIs, which impacts your reuse rate. And potentially developer productivity. These problems need to be solved because they impact agility and they impact the speed of innovation for your organization. And that is where API Hub comes in. API Hub is the nerve center for your API ecosystem. It has on ramps from any gateway and any source of metadata into the API Hub. This will help you ingest API information and metadata into a single place. So that now you have a source of enterprise metadata, which is the source of enterprise truth for you. This can enable you to take discovery to the next level because now you have a catalog of APIs. which can be used for discovery. You have visibility into lifecycle and governance. And if we go back to the platform lead that we spoke about, if an API gets created in the ecosystem, API Hub will enable alerting of APIs that don't meet standards. So they now have visibility into what's going wrong and they can work with the teams and collaborate with the teams to get things corrected. The developers, on the other hand, will have a semantic nature of the search. They can come and search for APIs based on natural language, based on ideas that they have. And they find APIs and then they go work with those APIs. Last but not least, agents will work off of enterprise context, delivering better insights than working off of individual gateways. So let's look at some of the cool features that API Hub has. The first is the insights page. This is a live feed of your API ecosystem. It gives an overview of the most used APIs, usage of APIs by the team, insights into what's going wrong with APIs. So the idea here is to give everyone and all the teams to get them on the same page and give insights at a single place so that they can work off of those insights. We then have semantic search. This is to elevate search experience to another level. Developers, users can come in, internal developers can come in and search for APIs with natural language so that they find APIs that are related and hopefully they find something that they can work with and they don't have to create a new API. This will have improvements on your reuse rate and developer productivity across your organization. The last key feature that I wanted to highlight is a supply chain graph. This is a graph of the APIs in your ecosystem. If you're a platform lead, you will know where the bottlenecks are because you know where the dependencies are across APIs. If you're a release manager, you're going to know which other APIs are going to be impacted with changes into one of the APIs. So you will be in a place to make changes proactively, to alert the related teams proactively, then get into a reactive mode to solve things when things go wrong. To summarize, this slide highlights the value of the API hub. API hub is a nerve center of API information and metadata from your entire API ecosystem. This creates enterprise context, which is the source of your enterprise truth. This can enable your teams to get insights, valuable insights that they wouldn't have got from a single gateway. More importantly, you're at peace because agents are working off of APIs that are secure, that are governed. Agents get insight not just from APIs, but APIs and metadata together so they can do more. And last but not least, you have less duplication of agents because agents work off of single place in your API ecosystem. Thank you and I encourage you to try out API hub and get your APIs in the API hub. What's the leastاب is inaticuden pişarı? More Bisones and OBSs deeds that are backed by the API hub and get hunters from sharing the APIs in the API hub.