 Mansoor Ahmed Hi, my name is Mansoor Ahmed, and I am Executive Director of Product Management at CME Group. I'm so delighted today to have this opportunity to talk to you about our partnership with Google and our journey to the cloud and what an amazing success story it already has been. CME Group is where the world comes to manage the risk. We are the world's leading marketplace for derivatives. Especially in volatile times as we are in today, the world turns to us to trade futures and options and futures, to hedge themselves, or even to capture opportunities. We go back over 175 years, starting off as a butter and egg exchange where we traded our first corn futures contract, guaranteeing buyers and sellers from defaulting against one another. Innovation has been part of our story all through this time. Transforming from a commodities to a financial powerhouse, introducing equities, FX, interest rate derivatives, a number of different opportunities in the financial space, and most recently our newest asset class on cryptocurrencies, where we were awarded the world's most trusted exchange for crypto futures. And all through this we have also been passionate about technology. So when Google came along in 2021, it was an instant match for us. And here's why it's important, because the world trusts us to manage the risk for them. In our market space, we trade over $10 trillion of interest rate derivatives on average daily notional value every single day. And likewise in a number of different asset classes, from energies to commodities, metals, and as I said, cryptocurrencies. But all of this also is supported by a large clearing portfolio, as you can see on the right, where we move over $280 billion of collateral, cash and collateral, every single day, offering a number of capital efficiencies to our clients. And all of this, of course, generates a vast amount of data, almost 45 petabytes. So as we said about our transformation journey, Google has been with us all along the way. On our non-low latency, the enterprise and clearing technology pillar, they have been with us providing the tools, the partners, and the data and the analysis that we need to analyze our workloads and our modalities to determine the best path for migration. On the low latency side, on our market engine, they continue to work with us to build out the first of its kind ultra low latency platform in the cloud. But along the way, we wanted to make sure that we took advantage of certain opportunities with Google as our partner. For example, on innovation, we didn't want to wait for the entire migration to be completed to be able to take advantage of those opportunities. So something like introducing data analytics for our customers, for risk calculations, or even the most recent announcement where we had the Google Cloud Ledger for payments. These are examples of how we've looked to take advantage of our opportunities, of the opportunities that Google offers without waiting even for the migration to happen. And of course, along the way, as part of this process, we introduced the product operating model in the lean portfolio management process, which was significant in transforming our organization, as many folks would have to in most migrations. But one of the key linchpins for us was the development of our platform. So our platform team worked very closely with Google to develop the capabilities that we needed as a regulated marketplace. So they built out the automation that we need. So for example, for our VM deployments, they built out the Terraform modules for deploying our servers, load balancers, our GCS buckets, and our KMS keys, et cetera. For container workloads, we had GitOps with Anthos Configure Management, Helm charts with golden paths, et cetera. But I wish we had, in our full session, you'll probably hear about the Ramp Migration Center with the AI capabilities. I wish we had that at the time when we started because we ended up actually building some of our own automation tools in order to accelerate migration of the apps and provide them an automated migration path. And as I mentioned, part of our regulation here is that we needed to enforce certain compliance policies, security policies. And what we did was built in the open policy agents as an automated controls so that we could accelerate a lot of our security evaluations of our applications before we release them. So this has been an exciting journey for us and a lot of learnings along the way. Some of the key themes for us have been the partnership with Google. This has been crucial for us. They were embedded in our teams and using tools like the Migration Center was a big help for us. So they were part of our architecture teams, part of our Scrum of Scrums, part of our problem identification areas. You name it, they were there any time we needed them. They also helped us think through some of our organizational transformation that we need from introducing our product operating model and so on. We had to go through a major culture shift. We were an organization that did Saturday testing, Saturday releases, but we now had to get people to understand that every day could be a Saturday with Google. And that takes a little bit of change in how we think about what we do. Google also helped us think about our data as a first class citizen. Stopped thinking about applications, instead think about product and data, which is something they do really well. So we actually ended up migrating our data before even our applications, so we could make it available to downstream applications or for other users, even before applications needed to migrate. One of the big things you'll see as you go through this journey is you're going to have to make several technology decisions, whether it be selecting your database, whether it be selecting your messaging, caching, and so on. You're going to have choices to evaluate. And so setting up a cloud experience team and working with Google to help do what we call refactory efforts to do prototypes on different technologies to then figure out which ones make sense for your organization would be great. And that really helped us a lot. And the cloud experience team really helped in a lot of questions about how do I get started, what do I do next, all of those kind of things. It also helped us put some cost optimization controls. We are now at a point where we are automating a lot of those cost optimizations, but when we started, we put those guardrails in so we could watch how our CapEx shift to OpEx was occurring, and so we could have those controls in place as we went through that transition. GKE versus GCE is another important area where you've got to figure out what kind of computes you need. You might have several different types of workloads and being able to pick those choices. They even offer a GCVE, which is if you are running VMs, you can easily migrate those over into GCE and get started. And so there's been a lot of different opportunities here for us to take advantage of it, and we've enjoyed every part of the journey. We have lots more things to come, so stay tuned. Hopefully we'll be back in future sessions. Thank you very much. Have a good day.