 Thank you so much for joining us on our session, Migrating to Google Workspace, with case studies on digital transformation. My name is Kelly Kinney and I'm the Global Director of Workspace Customer Success and I'm so pleased that I will be joined on stage by three innovative leaders. All right, so let's dig in. Just a couple notes of the things that we will cover today. First, I'm going to give you a high-level overview of the customer migration process from consideration to data migration to change management. Then I will be joined on the stage by JK, Renata, and Anoop for customer discussions on their organization's stories. And as we close out, I'll save some time for questions for all of you to ask our panel at the end. I want to ask you to take a moment to just silently answer the question to yourself. What comes to mind when you think about adopting new tools at your organization? Today, we'll go over how Google is here for you to help you along the way. From our partner network to our tools and our teams, we want you to know that you are not alone in this process. In fact, Google has been deploying enterprises onto Workspace for over a decade now, with many organizations already successfully switched over to Workspace. Large, complex, mainstay organizations from industries spanning from financial services to healthcare, manufacturing, and beyond rely on Google Workspace to get work done, collaborate, and ultimately digitally transform. We believe that to set up your organization for success. We have to first recognize that this is not just an IT project. You need to take the steps to bring people along with you. A switch like this will require deliberate investment over time to ensure long-term success. But the transformation can come from your migration is really, truly an exciting opportunity. To successfully migrate and deploy Workspace, we can start to think of roles and responsibilities that fall into these three buckets. What you're responsible for, what you're responsible for, what your chosen implementation partner is responsible for, and what Google provides in order to make this as smooth as possible. I'd like to point out here that in the very beginning stages of planning such a switch, it is critical that your organization think through not just the technical components of the change, but the management activities that will come along that will help you drive adoption successfully. Here, you can see a quick overview of the workspace deployment methodology. With our four main pillars structured around excite, enable, expand, and embed, your organization can work with Google to put together a plan that helps you get the most out of your migration. The key to success is really thoughtful, rigorous planning. Whether you're working with our professional services organization or a specific implementation partner, a similar process adjusted to your organization's style and culture will be followed. Beginning with a deployment strategy workshop, followed by partner selection, an actual planning workshop, completing the statement of work, and then finally kicking off the actual project. After you've made the decision to migrate, your first step will be to audit and understand the source data and decide what you're going to actually migrate first. Google provides tools to help you and your chosen partner to ease this part of the process. You can leverage source scans to conduct a comprehensive data analysis and more. Google Workspace Migrate can help you gain deep insights into that actual source data. Google Workspace Migrate helps you easily move large amounts of valuable content, including folder hierarchies and permissions from your cloud, hybrid, and on-prem storage solutions directly into Google Workspace. Google Workspace Migrate provides you easily to decommission your legacy IT environments and manage large-scale migrations into a single place. Every migration is unique, but you should consider your organization's current environment and specific needs and circumstances when estimating your organization's timeline. We know that customers can often benefit from starting the process one to two years out at the end of your licensing agreement with the legacy provider. And that many factors can also contribute to that overall timeline. So, as you start to take a look at the scope of your migration, there are technical work streams that the Google Professional Services and your partners can help you with. You can expect that we will cover all of these technical components to make sure that your transition is as comprehensive and as smooth as possible. Now, let's take a closer look at the three phrases of the core deployment, which typically take three to nine months. We have core IT. We have our early adopters. And then our final go live. We will bring a portion of your users as early adopters to validate your technical environment and serve as a dry run for your final go live. Technically, the moment you switch your MX record for Mailflow to Google, you are effectively on Workspace. After that, you will determine how much data you want to migrate into the new environment and then change the management activities you perform, which we will get into just shortly. The final stage of the global go live with the remainder of your organization is to bring everyone onto the platform at once. This can feel counterintuitive to traditional IT rollouts of piecemealing, but with this sort of transformation, it's important that as many people can work together as early on as possible. Once you've completed the third phase of your migration, the global go live, we will then have to consider the change management activities that will drive your long long-term success. Let's take a closer look at what some of those strategies look like. Customers who drive cultural transformation across our organization use a mixture of activities and touch points in order to inspire and reach your employees. From leadership support to a variety of trainings and formats to in-person trainings, virtual meetings, Google guides, and a robust change management plan can excite your teams. Help them embrace new ways of collaborating and working together and help your business move faster to innovation and achieving its overall goals. In fact, you can start to think of the main attributes of a successful change management plan in four areas. First, around agility. Your organization should plan to meet your employees' evolving needs. Be ready to pivot based on their feedback. Secondly is around consistency. You have to show up in a variety of ways and formats and places in order to reach your employees. Third is around speed. Move quickly to meet your users where they are. And last but not least, aim for sustainable changes. Capture best practices as you go. And this is where your Google guides and or similar programs are particularly helpful. And set up your teams for long-term success. So what does a thoughtful migration and change management approach really add up to? We've seen and heard this time and time again from our customers. It can lead to meaningful, sustained business transformation. I'm excited to invite three customers up to talk very specifically about their journey to Google. So please welcome our panel. Jakey Krug of Equifax. Renata Marquis from Natura. And Anup Narang from Rivian. You can sit wherever you like. Yeah. Well, welcome. Hope you're having a wonderful week. It has been great. Great. I'm glad. I'm happy to hear that. All right. So I have a couple questions. Please feel free to jump into any of them. Our first question is what business opportunities and challenges was your company facing when it decided to migrate to Workspace? Should I start? Sure. Good afternoon, everyone. So talking about the decision, the key decision for Natura. I am from Natura. Natura is a cosmetic company in Latin America. We are a well-being well company. So we say that people need to be well with yourself to spread wellness. So, and we went through a lot of changes in the last years acquiring Avon, acquiring TBS and different companies. So we had a future topic to be addressed. And with that, we were discussing, okay, what is the important, what is a key factor to change culture in a company? It's when you talk about artifacts. So culture is made by symbols and artifacts. And we were looking for more collaborations, more opportunities in terms of productivity, collaboration, and one single team. And with, if you, we, if you keep the same tools that we used to have for more than 30 years, you know, with the same UX, the same look and feel, people will not be forced to learn different stuff. So that was the key component to change before all the technical, all the commercial, and all the capability. So it was culture. With Google, we understood that we could leverage collaboration. We could leverage a different spirit for the company that we were looking for. Great. Good afternoon, everyone. For us, Rivian, it's a very fast-pacing company. We are growing quickly and we are trying to build better products. The biggest challenge for us as a company was that how do we make sure that we bring people together, improving their communication collaboration, making silos on how they work together in different tools. The biggest piece beyond that was that AI. Like, we cannot continue to keep waiting for a workforce to be more productive and start scaling up. AI needed to play a bigger role there. That was the biggest reason it triggered for us to basically move away from the existing platform and to now more into Google. The point, you know, I made, I always say that is if you need to be healthy, you start heating healthy. For Rivian, our software user experience is a huge piece. And working on Google, when people can see the same user experience, they continue to build better products from there. Excellent. Yeah, so for us, come from Equifax, and we went to Google Workspace seven years ago. And our number one challenge was security. It was a, we were a post-breach situation and we wanted to put a platform together that was highly secure and also was really good for collaboration. We had a saying was, we are here for ruthless collaboration. We're going to be in the same documents, we're going to be in the same meetings, and we're going to work together. And that was our challenge, and that's, and that's what was our main driver for going to Google Workspace. What approach did you take when migrating and what was the timeline? Did it go? Yeah. Yeah, so we did a big bang approach. We were in over 20 countries all over the world, 25,000 end users. And one weekend, we ripped the bandaid off and we moved everybody in one big swoop. The good news was we had support from Google. We had over 45 Googlers all over the world with us for the first few days. And, you know, it took us a lot to get ready for that change and we sort of pulled it off. I'd like to hear that. Natura, the approach was first moving, first partner with a good partner. We have a Gentrop here that was a great partner. And with Google by itself, looking to all the methodology that Google already applied in a different company. So we look into that and started with the early adopter in IT area. So we started, you know, with our own implementation and then moved in six months with different countries. And we were in the middle of a lot of fusion of the business. So the big question from the business was, but now this is something that we should do now with all these, you know, turbulences in the, you know, happening and all these movements that we have in the company. And the answer was yes, because this actually will help us to move faster without the business agenda, because we will be collaborating much better. And then we went through 20,000 users in 14 different countries in six months. For us four, why was the main focus? What are we doing? Why are we doing? How are we doing? When are we doing? And I think the why was the biggest one. Telling the company where people love Excel and PowerPoint that why we are moving to Google and giving them reason which is more connected to our company's growth was very important. In our case, we were lucky because we have some executive leadership within our team who is a big Google fan. So leveraging them to voice out that why we are doing it and why it is critical was very helpful. The other thing we did was we knew that our users will need information. They'll need information quickly and every day. So we built our internal community page. Go Google. And then that gave us all the reason around what are we doing and why we are doing, how the change will come to them, what should they expect. Training information was there and there was a lot of FAQs. And we did a lot of heavy on communication. Multiple times telling people that go to gogoogle.com. Even if somebody comes and tells me that when it is happening, go to gogoogle.ribn.com. That was the approach we took. That was a big thing which basically helped us to start helping our users to understand why we are doing it and how it will come to them and what is the change they should expect. Google guide for us was a big help because they started reaching out to their user base quickly. But other than that, we also reached out to all the VPs and we did road shows. We also reached out to the company's mission and purpose. That was a big help for us. In terms of timelines, I'm proud to say that we made a decision to move to Google in three months. And we enabled the entire platform for our company within the next six months. May I compliment about one of the approaches that we used as well was mapping all the areas that were more resistant. So like finance team. Finance team are Excel lovers. Finance team is a great tool for us. And then we decided to create some Google days and sessions at Google. Specialists to discuss all the capabilities that Google could help them to do their job in a different way. And then by the end of the day, one of the best use case that we had was from finance team. So I like to hear that. Did your company use the migration as an opportunity to start fresh and with critical information, like a day one moving forward? Or did you decide, how did you determine what you were going to migrate first? For us, yes, definitely. Given the fact we are a fast-growing company and we believe in being a builder because we build a vehicle, a lot of our employees leveraged the legacy platform to start building solutions. Without even thinking how I need to scale up. So we land up having a lot of spaghetti solutions and integration sitting across our platforms. When we moved to Google, we decided that there are a few things we are not going to do. And we came up with a list of guiding principles. And that did help us to make sure that Google becomes a more transformational platform for us. We don't repeat the mistakes we have done in the past. And then we start focusing on an architecture design which allows us to scale faster, quicker. And we did this keeping in mind that our business still needs access to the platform because they are going to build solutions and deploy on the platform. So that was a big help. We used our opportunity to move most of the data. We implemented data retention policies for the migration. So we implemented new data retention policies. And then since we implemented them, we only had to bring a subset of data over. And that helped us from a migration perspective. We migrated all the historical data. That was a decision also to remove any type of attraction and concern of the users. So we moved historical data of email. And considering also the Google unlimited capacity that we had. So it was smoothly. And we didn't have any kind of any type of technical challenge. Challenge we also have it. But not a technical issue. The main issues were really related to change management and communication. And making sure that the adoption curve was accelerated considering all the human beings. That it's natural to be resistant to change. But that was the approach. Using all the historical data and to not have one more roadblock there. Another thing was there were... During the assessment, we also discovered a lot of systems developed in Microsoft Office tools. So it was really big systems. And it was good for the company. Because then we mapped capabilities that shouldn't be leaving, you know, at Excel or in places that these capabilities were there. And then we had to create different roadmaps to migrate these capabilities to SAP or to CRM systems, to different systems. So Google helped us as well to map all these things that were constructed along the time. And shouldn't be on that place. Which partner did you select? And what support did you receive during the migration and the deployment phases as you made the transition? As well as change management? We used 66 degree. I still remember my first meeting with them. It is very important for your partner to be a partner. So make sure that they understand your company's culture. And that was the conversation I had with them. They really needed to understand how Ribbon is going to operate. And how usually people react to different things when it comes to the change. The other thing was that is... The conversation was that have a plan A ready, plan B, and plan C. Because I am sure plan C is the one which is going to work. They were very agile on making quick shifts and changes and reaching out to our business and start helping. There was almost three months of a time where we almost felt that they are part of our internal team. And they are directly reaching out to our users. They knew our business better than us. That was a big help. And plan C was the thing which always worked for us. We used Gentrop. There are a lot of people from Gentrop here. And it was great because with their experience, not just the technical experience. Because the technical was a must and was there. But they also supported us on all the change management process, communication process, training. And also understanding the barrier of execution and helping us with their previous experience to come with some ideas and approach that we should adopt to go faster. Excellent. Yeah, we used Onyx for our migration. And they did a fantastic job. They helped us with the change management. We had to do a few phases beforehand. We had to get our network ready to be SaaS-centric. Our network wasn't really designed for what we were about to do. So we had to do a lot of pre-work. But once we got that done, Onyx guided us from a change management perspective. They have experience, have done this before a bunch of times. We didn't. And we leveraged them. And they really did a great job through our transition. Which initiatives have had the biggest impact on adoption? We all know how important that is as we bring on a new platform. What worked well? I think that it's what I was Excel and adopted. All the sheets was the main challenge because of the complexity of real systems that were developed in the wrong place. And the other thing was the way that the user should be using and adopting their work to use. Let me give an example. Like slides. We used to have in the previous solution all the video were embedded in the deck of slides. And then with Google, the approach is different. It's not embedded. Because if it's embedded, you cannot send it through email. You cannot share. So it's different. You have to save and just embed it as a link. Not as a full component. And this was really impacting the way that the team were operating. Because until they understand that it's just different. It's not that Google don't offer the capability. But it's just a different way to do. So I'm talking about the barriers, not the initiatives. But the biggest impact, the initiative that helped to remove the barriers were the use cases. So when it started to share use cases among the company, people started to be more inspired about the use cases. And then started to open to learn. And the other impact, and we have charts that confirm that was training. Every time that you have a survey and we apply for people who attended the training, the level of satisfaction was much higher than the ones that didn't attend the training. So the training is a key factor to really make it a success story. For us, we did a roadshow with the administrative assistants. For email, nobody in your organization is more complex than an administrative assistant with delegated mailbox and delegated mail. So we got to those folks first. And we gave them early adopter access. And then they were comfortable with Google Workspace and with mail. And then organically, our executives working with their administrative assistants saw that they were okay with the new environment. And that really helped us in the beginning. It really got our executives to buy into it. So from a top-down perspective, they were speaking well of what they were seeing so far. So leveraging them for us was our biggest impact. For us, we just moved to Google last year. So we are still going through the adoption piece. But one thing which did help us in our favor is we are leveraging AI to teach our users how to use Sheets and Docs. So that has been a big emphasis. The other thing we are taking a different approach is understanding the work styles and workflows. So part of our adoption, we are reaching out to different teams and understanding that, okay, you tell us how you used to use the old tools, how you're using the new tools. And we are having issues, and we are focusing on that. And that has been a big help for us. How has your organization used migration to workspace to work differently and be more innovative? I think that now, since January, that we have Gemini for all users. Workspace by itself was already demonstrating that, first of all, we are offering empowerment for the users. So like the users were developing their own app sheets. Just in four months, we identified almost 2,000 applications developed by the end users to solve the problems, simple problems that they have in their operations. So this empowerment was great and was generating a lot of impact to the organization. The other is the collaboration by itself. So when people collaborate, we optimize time, we are more creative. So we have some metrics that shows that the collaboration also helped a lot. But now with Gemini, I think that's a game changer. People are really, Gemini accelerated their adoption and created a lot of productivity on their day-by-day jobs. And besides of that, it's changing the mindset of how we can use the AI, Jenny and I, to do things in a different way. This next question is for you, JK, because I think you've already answered it, Renata. But how has AI further fueled digital transformation within Equivax? Yes. So it's been great. So one of the things that I personally love is take notes for me in Google Meet. We have a lot of folks that record meetings, and I know that nobody watches them. But they do look at the notes. They look at the action items. They look at the summaries. They look at what Gemini gives us. So that little piece right there has really helped. And then all the other things. You know, our branding folks want to have a certain way to communicate. They want our voice to be consistent. And now we have that. We can all change our emails and our docs to be more professional, and we leverage Gemini for that. So, Anup, if you could redo anything, what would you do and why? Make a decision in two months and migrate in five. I think if there's anything I could have done better is spending more time with deep understanding around how Excel is being misused. To your point, people have built inventory systems in Excel. They have PowerPoints where there are huge, heavy videos attached. And that is sort of becoming a bit of a pinching point for us in the migration. But, yeah, if I would have done anything separate is, like, just spending more time with those complex users and figuring out how to deal with those ahead in the plan. Renata, what advice would you give other executives or decision makers in considering making the switch? My advice is, first, partner with the HR area. I think that's more than technical change. It's human being change. And when you connect this with the cultural change, we will receive much more support on the change management and help the organization to be in another level of mindset. So, that's a must. And during our implementation, we have a change, executive change of the HR. And this is something that created some gap in the middle, but was really, really good to count on this with this support. Another is mapping out the stakeholders and all the users that really influence the organization. Make sure that they are your Google guides. Because it's, you know, you will not do it alone. And they can help on this movement of transformation. And another, and last but not least, is these use cases. So, always use the good cases. Share, communicate. Because then the users, the associates that used to complain will be shy to complain. Because they will see a lot of good stuff happening. And then we will create a zone that they will not be accommodated. And they will look to learn and do differently way. Any advice that you have? Or any changes you would make? Well, no. I would add on to that. Definitely. Obviously, you start with a very fair and detailed bake-off. Really looking at things, mapping use cases, and all that other good stuff. But then really going out there. We did some road shows. And we listened. We talked. But we also had to, you know, we wanted to listen and see what the end users were expecting. And really try to match those expectations. Getting out there as much as you can for them to see you. But also for you to take input was very, very important. Anu? My only advice would be look for that reset point in your company. Having that in a reason and telling your company that this will help your company is a big piece. For us, our people believe in our company. So giving them reasons and that reset point that why Google is going to help our people and our product was a big win. Thank you.