 As organizations embrace AI, they aren't limiting themselves to a single source. Data from A16Z shows that the vast majority, 93 percent of the enterprises, are already utilizing models from three or more different providers. This diversification allows them to leverage the best tool for each specific job. This trend directly points to a critical need in the market. With so many models from different sources being used, enterprises require a unified, robust platform that simplifies management, deployment, and integration across this diverse ecosystem. A platform that embraces choice and flexibility. And that platform is Vertex AI. Vertex AI is Google Cloud's comprehensive end-to-end AI platform, built specifically for enterprise needs. Within this powerful platform sits Model Garden, our curated library and management hub for foundational models. Model Garden brings multiple families of Google's foundational models across modalities like text, chat, images, code, speech, and embeddings. In addition to Google's foundational models, there are also task-specific models, domain-specific models, and foundational models from open source and our partners. Model Garden also provides you the flexibility in how you deploy models. We offer two primary modes, the first one being serverless APIs. This is the simplest way to get started. You access powerful models from Gemini, Cloud, Lama, and others through an API endpoint. And then the next option is self-deploy. For scenarios that require more control, direct access to weights, or the use of specific open-weight models, you can choose the self-deployment option. Enthropic, Meta, and Mistral are our key partners. And just in the last couple of months, we have added several new large language models from them as serverless APIs. And we will be continuously adding more to our roster of partner models, giving you a wide range of different options to choose from. Also, we are really excited to announce a significant expansion of choice with a brand new collection of partner models that allows you to now self-deploy these models. We are announcing models from three partners, CAMB AI, AI21 Labs, and Kodo. And models from CSM and Mistral AI will be coming very soon. And this is just the start. You will see us bring several new partners and their cutting-edge models in the self-deploy option in the coming months. Lastly, remember that ModelGarden and the broader Vertex AI platform are designed to solve the needs and challenges of enterprise developers and data scientists in mind. We prioritize choice with many different types of models, flexibility with multiple deployment options, security, and integration with the broader Vertex AI platform. And that's all I had. Thank you so much for listening. And we hope that you try ModelGarden and test the various functionalities that we have made available. Thank you so much.