 FRAZ KARMALIK, All right. Hey, everyone. Today we're going to talk about new ways to automate your work and integrate with Google Workspace. My name is FRAZ KARMALIK. I'm the product director for the Workspace Platform ecosystem team, and I'm joined here with two awesome partners that are sitting over there, Brian from HubSpot and Eric from ServiceNow. And later in the demo, they're going to give you some awesome examples of how they're building on our platform today. So we're going to cover a lot of new things today, starting from the ecosystem opportunity, the whole world we're building, all the new things we're creating, all the partners are leveraging our ecosystem, and how you can get started today. So our mission at Workspace is to meaningfully connect people so they can create, build, and grow together. And with that mission, Workspace has become the world's most popular productivity tool on the planet with over 11 million paying customers. And along with that, we're also a leader in generative AI with over 2 billion AI assists per month. Now, all of you ISVs, SIs, partners, developers, have been building applications on our platform, and that's now powered over 6 billion marketplace app installs. So pretty massive scale. Now, with that scale comes great responsibility. And with that, our architecture really matters over here. So we're actually born in the cloud, which means it's no client-side updates, no patches to worry about. It's always secure out of the box. We have a 20-year history with Gmail. So all the AI threat defenses that we've been building work across the platform for you out of the box. Now, with that context, we're going to talk about the Workspace platform today and just give you a quick overview. So the way we think about our stack is at the bottom you have that zero trust and secure platform that we've been talking about. Then you have a couple of different ways to get started from no code all the way to pro code. Then you can integrate in different services from Vertex and GCP. And then you can integrate different solutions across human loop. So Gemini extension, smart chips, and so on. Then you finally start to package them all up together to publish them onto our marketplace where users can go access them. Now, let's go through some of these. So on ways to build, we have three different ways to get started. The first is no code. AppSheet is our tool of choice. It's a quick and easy way to drag and drop, build applications for you. You can even give Gemini a prompt and it will make an app for you out of the box. Very easy, very easy to go use. The second tool is for low code, which is AppScript. Now, this is our tool of choice for anything low code. What's awesome about this is you don't have to worry about having an environment, hosting it. It's all fully integrated into Workspace. It's almost like that scale blackjack dealer that has a trick up its sleeve. It's always available, ready to go. Now, the third one is ProDev. So if you have a line of business application, you could actually just go in and integrate it. Any of the APIs that you have into your line of business applications and use our Google Workspace APIs. Now, the other layer on the top is what we call human in the loop. And there's three specific capabilities here. The first one is smart chips. And the idea behind smart chips is it enables you to actually bring in third-party content directly into Workspace. Now, where this comes in handy is let's say you're working on a project summary. This project summary may have a bunch of different tables of tasks that are associated with it. Those tasks may be tracked in a tool like Asana. Typically, without smart chips, you'd have to go update them back and forth. Any time you made an update in Asana, it would never sink back. Now, with smart chips, you can just integrate it in directly into Workspace. You don't have to worry about going to update these things multiple times. The second capability is add-ons. And what's nice about this is let's say you augment the Workspace applications with different add-ons. So Miro is a partner that actually built an add-on in Meet that allows you to go ahead and do Jam sessions or whiteboard sessions directly inside Meet. The third is chat apps. So what's nice about chat apps is you can go do a lot of things like async workflows, notifications, updates. And Lucid is a partner that's been building a great chat app today. Now, speaking of chat apps, in the past, you've had to go build a chat app and an add-on. Today, we're converging that. So you can actually have a unified app, build it one time, and get the scale of Workspace. So this is pretty cool because now we have a bunch of partners that are already, you know, piggybacking on this with Figma and Lucid and Miro and Poly. And speaking of chat apps some more, we're actually going to add in more capabilities as well. So you can actually subscribe to all the messages in the conversation, create new spaces, or even manage memberships. Where this gets really interesting, though, is if you think about agent-like workflows, you'll need these capabilities to create awesome agents in the future. Now, along with this, we also have a lot of APIs. And these APIs are super easy to get started. You can see all of them on the API Explorer page and also in the Cloud Console where you can go get access to them. Now, that was a really quick tour of what the platform is today, but what's next? So a lot of us probably do a bunch of different tasks that happen all the time, like chasing an approval. I know when I had to come here, I had to ask for an approval to my boss and say, hey, can I go to Vegas? I promise it's just for two days. It's for work. I promise, right? I'm sure some of you have to do that as well. Now, the second one is updating spreadsheets. You may have a bunch of issues that you're tracking, and you may be assigning them to different people as well. Or let's say finding FAQs. You may get a customer support email, and you have to dig through a bunch of different documents to find that one response that you're looking for to respond to the customer. Now, traditional automation tools actually help you with this, and this is good, and the kids can handle these simple workflows. But what happens when these tasks get a little bit more complex? What happens if that approval requires you to validate with your policy? So in our team specifically, we actually have a document that says who can travel, who can't travel, what's the reason they can go, and all this is before it even gets to a line of business system to track the approval. Many different teams have this exact same problem, and typically a human would be evaluating this on their own. Now, in the spreadsheets example, what if before assigning it to someone, you could just analyze the issue and then find the right experts so you can get it solved the first time? Or on FAQs, what if right away you could just reason through the issue and come up with a response and a draft ready to go? So the point I'm trying to make here is that all these workflows start to evolve and needing context, reasoning, analysis, and even creation. So with that, we're actually creating a new experience where we're going to integrate agents in the loop to allow you to remove that logic barrier that's so hard with workflows today. And with that, I am super excited to announce Google Workspace Flows. All right. And what's great about this is it lets you automate work with agents in the loop and remove that logic barrier so all of you can get access to all these different tools. Now, let's see how this comes together. So imagine I am a customer service representative at Symbol Jewelry. It's an online retailer that sells jewelry in North America. So I'm getting a lot of support issues. Let's see how Google Workspace Flows can help you solve those. Now, when you get started, you see a bunch of different templates available out of the box. And what's nice about this is there's a bunch of simple templates to get you started. Like, my favorite one is notify me when my manager messages me. What's great about this is I'm terrible at email. So now whenever my manager messages me, it can just ping me and say, hey, stay on top of at least this one, right? And there's many more examples like this you can keep going with. But in this case, I actually want to monitor my customer feedback. So let's get started with that by hitting the plus line over here and starting from scratch. Then I'm going to go ahead and say, hey, when a form response comes in, go ahead and pick that. Now, you can see right from here I can pick the form and there's a preview of the form here automatically. So you can see which one you're actually responding to. Now, once I insert it, the next thing I can do is I'm going to add a new step. And in this new step, I'm actually going to go ahead and post to a space. And in the space, I'm going to go ahead and pick up the space I want. I'm going to type in a message. And the message will say, hey, new customer responses came in. Go ahead and, you know, get the email address. Now, this is very simple, very easy. And I turn it on. And once I go ahead and do that, it's going to go ahead and run. And I'll get a notification when a response comes in from chat that says, hey, new customer feedback just came in. And it's from this person. What was great was I didn't have to do any kind of session mapping, any kind of get response APIs. It just worked out of the box automatically. Now, this is useful, but there's a lot more we can do. What if we could integrate in your enterprise corpus, your enterprise knowledge, and also handle all the logic with Gemini? So let's see how that gets a little bit better. So imagine now I have a document. Now, my team is small and mighty, which means we can't handle all the relevant issues that come in. So there's a document here that describes how we prioritize different things. So we have different things for high priority, medium and low priority. And this helps us analyze and think through what we should be working on next. Now I'm going to take this and I'm going to integrate this directly into Gemini. So I'm going to go over here and add a step, say ask Gemini. And right from here I'm going to say, hey, take a look at the response from this form that I picked earlier. And I'm going to go ahead and say prioritize it based on this document. So I just copy paste the link in there and it knows what this document is. And I specifically say output just a short summary of that response and then give me the priority. Now, right from here what I can do is I can then add a step, go ahead and, you know, post in the space like I did before. And go in and pick the space. And what's really simple is now I can just pull out that form and then just say give me the summary, which is the variable directly from Gemini. Now what's great about this is once this is ready to go, it's actually going to run, it's going to analyze this. And now you can see that it gave me a summary in one line that says, hey, the necklace arrived broken. The quality was poor. They wouldn't recommend the store. Uh-oh, this is pretty bad. Seems like it's a high priority issue. So imagine trying to do this in traditional tools. It is extremely hard. You did this in just a couple of different sentences. Now that's not all. We can do even more. The other thing we're integrating in is we've been hearing a lot of you've been building gems. So we're adding in three new capabilities here. So you can ask a pre-made gem, a custom gem, or even a team of gems. So let's see how that comes together. Now I have a gem that I've built here, which is a product quality expert. It understands different issues that come in from email, understands what the core problems are, helps me dissect the issue. I also have another gem that is a customer service assistant. What this gem does is it actually understands how do I create the best responses with our brand language, with the relevant details, with even coupon codes that I may need to go determine different issues. Now these two gems are set up, and they're my AI experts ready to go. Now what I can do is I can integrate them in directly into flows. So I just hit add a gem. And right from adding a gem, I'm going to go ahead and pick the product quality expert. And I'll go ahead and give it a prompt and say analyze this, give in the relevant variables, and then offer an assessment of what just went wrong. Now right from here, I'm going to add in the second gem. Now this gem is my customer service assistant. So I'm going to add a gem. I'm going to pick that particular gem over here. And what I'm going to do in this one is I'm actually going to say, hey, take a look at that form response again, but also look at the output from the previous gem. So now you have agents talking to each other, which is really, really exciting. Imagine trying to do this anywhere else. And then from here, I go ahead and ask Gemini. Now what's interesting is that customer service assistant gem actually makes an email. So it always comes up with a subject and a body. But here I can bring in Gemini to improve the logic even further. I can just say take a look at what that gem created and extract just the body, not the subject. And also, all emails typically say, I hope this finds you well. This is a support issue. I don't want to say I hope this finds you well. I want to be empathetic of what's going on. So I can just say, don't say I hope this finds you well. Now I add a step. And in this step, I can just output what these gems and the agents are thinking into a document. And it's going to say, hey, go ahead and output what that first gem did and that second gem so you can follow along with what's going on. And I'm going to actually just go ahead and create a draft for me. So I'm going to add a draft. I'm going to say go ahead and give it a subject and paste in the output directly from that last step. So now in just a few clicks, you have orchestrated and automated pretty much everything. So now let's go into what that looks like. What you can see is now the email actually ran. It gave them the document output. And it already put together in this email a discount code. It got that because the gem understood what the issue was, how it should deal with this, and handle it for you. So again, in a few clicks, you just took care of that whole process, which is really exciting. Pretty cool, right? Yeah? All right, but there's more. So what if we could actually make these contextual? What if we could also make this happen by natural language? And then also what we know with natural language is it doesn't always get it right. So what if we could give you the same surface to edit these as well? So now let's jump into what that can look like. So here you can see I got the same email where the same customer said, hey, something messed up again. Right? This broke again. I really need your help. Now I could go to flows, build that same workflow again. Or I could just go to Gemini over here. And I could just say, hey, when I get an email from Anissa, label it with high priority and notify me in chat. So just by typing that out, it built the flow for me. And it immediately understands who Anissa is because it's from that email, so it's super contextual. It understands who me is, so it knows what's going on over there. It also added in the steps for Gemini and all the different steps from Gmail and so on. Now I can just hit automate and magically now that's done. You don't have to worry about it again. It'll take care of it. But I can also hit edit. And now that same flow is built inside flows. So you can actually go tweak this, edit it, modify it as you see fit, and mess with all the different parameters that you need to. All right? Now you're probably wondering, but I have different tools or my own systems. How do I go about integrating the thing? So the good thing is how many of you actually use Apps Script today? All right. Lots of Apps Script folks. So the good news here is that we're actually allowing you to build your own with Apps Script. And we're also integrating your favorite 3P triggers and actions. So let me show you quickly what that looks like. So over here, you have the ability to actually write your own trigger and actions inside Apps Script. And what you're seeing is inside the actual add-ons object, we're going to add in a definition for flows. And you can type in your own actions and triggers. And it'll be all the same stuff you expect. So autocomplete, inline documentation, all that will be available for you. Now where this gets really exciting is now imagine you have a lot of different models that are out there. So in Vertex, there's 130 plus models that are available. And you can build your own models, too. And with this, you can actually go integrating your custom fine-tuned model as an action inside flows. So you don't have to worry about doing all this, you know, legwork. You can just immediately integrate it in here. So really, really powerful, really, really extensible. Now, along with this, we are also integrating in third parties. So Jira, for example, you'll see it available as a step. You can use it out of the box. No crazy setup experience. You can just use it and get going. Now that was a lot that I walked you through. And the whole idea is that Google Workspace flows is designed to give you ease of use, facilitate work, not complicated. And with flows, we're really excited to let all of you automate away the busy work with agents in the loop and removing that logic barrier for everyone. All right. So that's flows. Okay. Now, how many of you want to try it? Yes. All right. So there's the QR code. You can sign up for this. And we'll allow this to you and get you going over here. It's rolling out to alpha today for some of our select customers. All right. I'll give it this screen will come back. So we'll come back in a little bit. All right. Everyone got pictures? Cool. Now you probably are wondering, hey, you skipped past the 3P integrations. Like, tell me more about these. So the reason why I did, because I have a separate section for that. So let's go into that really quickly. So all of you probably are wondering, hey, Workspace needs to integrate with more and more third-party tools. And for that, we're actually building a brand new thing called a Workspace Connector platform. Now, what's really exciting about this is that it's not just exposing connectors as different tools. It's actually exposing them directly into the core Workspace applications. So you'll be able to see them in different places like all the different Workspace apps. It can be part of all the different AI user journeys. And it's a friction-free setup experience with all the same security and privacy that you would expect from Workspace. So we're really excited about this because it'll just make you use all the different tools that you're already using today. And we're starting to enable these with two different use cases. The first one is Flows, as you just saw. So all the different favorite third-party tools you use will be available in Flows. Then also, Gemini extensions. So one of the best things about Gemini extensions is you want Gemini to have access to different tools so it can orchestrate multi-chained actions for you. So, for example, here, what's nice about this is you enable it one time, and it'll be available in the Gemini app as well as Gemini in Workspace. So that's really exciting because you don't have to do this twice. It'll just work out of the box one time. And there are many more connectors coming soon with Asana, Confluence, HubSpot, which you'll hear about from Brian in a second, Jira, MailChimp, Wendit.com, and many more. And what's great about this is it actually supports information retrieval and actions. So you'll be able to search through all of your content, take actions, and we'll enable that with the Connector platform. Pretty cool? Yeah. All right. So now with that, I'm going to hand it off to Brian to walk us through HubSpot. Thanks. I need this. Hi, everyone. I'm Brian Gorbitt. I lead our ecosystem product groups at HubSpot. Fun fact, I'm also a former Googler. I'm thrilled to be here today at Google Next to share how HubSpot and Gemini for Google Workspace is transforming productivity for sales teams. HubSpot is a customer platform for marketing, sales, and service. Our mission is to help millions of businesses grow better. And in this AI age, we have dedicated our commitment to our businesses to help them scale with AI, both with our own AI platform, Breeze, and through strategic partnerships like this one with Google. As we discussed earlier with Google, we are going to show a demo here today about some work we've done around Gemini and HubSpot connecting. Our customers are looking for ways to make their life easier through the sales process. The sales process takes a long time, and this should show a video. Sorry about that. I'll get to playing here in a second. Sales teams are looking for productivity. We're trying to enable them to use AI in ways that they never imagined before. And the partnership with Gemini allows us to do this. So I'm going to walk you through what it looks like today from a sales rep's perspective using Gemini for Google Workspace. So I got this email from a potential lead, and Gemini immediately lets me know that I can take an action on this email right in HubSpot. So as Gemini is thinking through this, you can already see that it has analyzed and summarized this email thread and have already provided me some really interesting insights. It also allows me to take quick actions like researching the company, drafting a reply, or in this case, I'm going to create a contact. This is all happening within Gmail. And there you have it. Gemini also shows me what it's going to create. So I have confidence to actually go and create that. So right now it's happening. I'm actually creating a new contact in my HubSpot customer data platform right from Gmail. I can also use the prompt to ask questions or to view things within HubSpot that have nothing to do with this email but has the context already from this lead. So I wanted to know if there was a deal already in HubSpot from this contact or this company. And you can see as it's thinking and going to access and fetch the data, it actually shows me the deal that's already in HubSpot that somebody has created, maybe somebody from my other sales team. So one of the powerful things here that all sales reps need is notes to help them prep for that next meeting. And when they have that note, I can do something that they've never been able to do before is take the email context right from Gmail, create a note that is attached to this lead or this contacts record and actually make sure that I'm prepped for my next meeting with this person right from Gmail. So you see that the note's been added. I can view this in HubSpot. And as you go see, I have a contact from that email already created. And when I go to that CRM record, you can actually see that note was generated from that Gmail and the thread that it analyzed. All done without that sales rep having to go into HubSpot. So like for Oz, I also have a QR code. For folks that are interested in trying out this alpha, we actually have heard from our early testers that they have already found tremendous value from this integration. They have been able to save tons of time having to not switch context back and forth from Gmail and going into HubSpot. And we're excited to see where the future of this connector goes. I'll hand it back to Frost. Thank you. Good job. All right. So as you can see, Brian has built an amazing extension for Gemini. And there's many more coming. In fact, his team is also building an awesome chat app that's going to be available soon. And Jira is building a Gmail add-on so you can manage all of your tickets through Gmail. Lucid is also building a unified chat app. And ServiceNow is building a unified chat app as well. And with that, I'm actually going to hand it over to Eric, who's going to walk us through ServiceNow. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Eric Merkel. I'm one of the product managers at ServiceNow. I'm really excited to share what we're doing. We're using our analysis technology and we're integrating into the Google Chat app. I want to take a quick hand. Who are ServiceNow customers in the room? Awesome. We need to get more of those up next time. So what I want to say is this is one of the number one things our customers have asked. We validated use cases with the partnership with Google. So I'm happy to share this. And come on down to the booth. We have two other product managers, Justin and Victor, in the room. Do you guys mind raising your hand? They'll be at the booth. Give us feedback on what you see today. So let's get rolling. So I have to quickly show a safe harbor. If you're a ServiceNow customer, you've seen this before. What this means, ultimately, is things may change as we're in development. Justin's right now in the development phase. So the outcome of that is you might see some differences in what we show you today. So for those that didn't raise your hand, what is the ServiceNow platform? The ServiceNow platform is a platform for business transformation. You seamlessly can execute flows across all your businesses, including IT, ITSM, ITOM, HR security, finance, CRM. And last but not least, you can actually build on top of the ServiceNow platform. We have the flexibility to be able to put this on any infrastructure layer, like Google Cloud. Since we're at Google, you can have it in ServiceNow's cloud also. What we are is an AI data and workflow platform. We now have AI agents out of the box. You can build your own. And you have the option to use these across the platform. So I'm going to set you up for the demo. We have Alan and Jill. Alan and Jill are collaborating in Google Chat. This is Jill's first week. And she has some client travel coming up. Alan mentions, do you need any devices or any hardware or anything you may need for your client travel? So Jill says, yes, I need a personal phone. So Alan mentions, well, go to Now Virtual Agent. Request any of your support services, devices, hardware, software you may need. So the question is, what does Jill do next? So Jill goes over to Now Virtual Agent and she asks a simple question. What devices can I order? What Jill receives is a summarized response coming from multiple content items throughout the platform and other external sources and the devices she can order. She's really curious about the sources she sees there. So she drops down, where is all this content coming from? And she sees it's coming from ServiceNow's knowledge base, the catalog, and also a Google Drive external source. All summarized up in an easy to consume summary. So she asked more of a pinpointed question now. And she says, what is the best device for travel? She receives a result that gives her a direct answer this time. Which, of course, is the Pixel 9 Pro XL with the bigger battery and the larger screen. And she can begin to start her order. So she starts her order. And what you're seeing now is in ServiceNow we have request forms. We're making that request form conversational. She picked the pink color. She sees her home address is there, which is actually coming from our knowledge graph. And then she gets a confirmation. And she's pretty much done her order at this point in time. So a few minutes later, she realizes, you know, I'm going to be in the office. I'm not going to be at home. So she's like, maybe I should talk to a live person about that. So what we're doing in ServiceNow is we're also integrating our live agent chat support in the platform. So from Google Chat to ServiceNow. So what she does is she asks for a live agent to update my delivery address. She seamlessly moves over to a live agent conversation with Alberto in Google Chat to ServiceNow. And he asks for the new address. He seamlessly updates that. And then Jill goes about her way right before the pixel device ships. Of course, you normally get those. So a few days later, Jill gets her new device. And it's a complex enterprise security pin. So what happens? Now a virtual agent automatically reaches out to Jill and notices that the pin is locked on the phone. And asks her if she would like to reset it. So of course she says yes. I never had support like this before. So it verifies who she is. And then it automatically goes back to a third-party system and resets that pin. All within a few seconds. And then what you last seen there was an updated security policy around your mobile device. So that is what we're building right now. Like I mentioned, Justin is the one leading that right now. So what did you see today? You've seen a seamless self-service experience. We're meeting where your users work in Google Chat. We're proactively deflecting issues as they arise. And we're unifying data by bringing Google Drive content into the system. With that, that's the end of my demo. So I'm looking forward to everyone adopting this feature. So come see us in our booth, 3258. We have many other servers now on Google Innovations. So thank you. Thanks, man. Thank you, Tim. All right. So as you can see, our ecosystem is growing a lot. Day by day, many new apps are coming onto our marketplace. And speaking of marketplace, we have over 6,000 apps that are available on the marketplace. And what's nice about this is, again, it'll give you in-product discovery. You can publish all these solutions available. And what's great is you can have these admin-controlled as well. So you can publish them to your team, your org, and also generally for you to go consume. Now, what I just showed you was the entire new AI-powered Google workspace platform. So we talked about the connector platform, which integrates into many different tools that you already use today. We talked about different extensibility points with flows, triggers, and actions. And we also talked about flows, our brand-new product to actually automate and work with agents in the loop. So we're really excited for you to try all these things. And what's next is, again, the QR code. So go ahead and sign up if you haven't already taken this so you can get started on the alpha. And then also there's many more sessions that a lot of our team members are doing. So I highly encourage you to go after these and go check them out. Also, 10 minutes later, there's the workspace spotlight down the hall. So I would encourage all of you to go down there as well and check that out too. Now, last thing, feedback, five stars, please. And give us some great feedback and what you need. And we'll kind of go from there. So that's it. Thank you so much.