 Quick show of hands, who here uses Notebook LM today? That is what I like to see. If you don't use it, you will after this session. That means we've all done our jobs. This is one of the most exciting and innovative technologies that I've used from Google pretty much since college when I started using Google Workspace formerly, G Suite formerly, Google Apps. We do the name change thing. Quick story about how I use it. Last fall, I was at a partner event. I do a lot of this for my job. I talk on stage. I sit in chairs. I answer questions. And so I had about three weeks of preparation from the partner on the questions that they were going to ask me. Okay, so what answers am I going to say? And I show up for the tech check, and the moderator looks at me. It's 8 a.m. of that day. He goes, oh, by the way, last night we changed all the questions. And I laughed because that's what happens when people tell you a funny joke. Right? Except he was dead serious. He said, yeah. And I was like, are you going to share them with us? He said, oh, yeah, I can do that. And so one of the ways that I use Notebook LM is I take my presentation content, I take recordings of myself because it is multimodal, and I put it into this notebook to help me prepare for executive speaking, for events, and for panels. And so I took the questions that the moderator had rewritten that day or that night previously, and I put them into my notebook that is my content and my messaging and has other thought leader inspiration in terms of how I prepare. And I was able to re-prepare for that session in about 15 minutes. And then the other three panelists watched me do that, and they were like, that's not fair. He shouldn't be able to do that. Right? And so that is what we're really excited about. I'm going to talk to you about Notebook LM. We're going to bring up some customers. They're going to tell their story. I'm Tony Majewski. I'm a part of the Global Workspace Growth Strategy and Solutions team, talking a lot about generative AI, believe it or not. Slightly popular topic these days. So we think about the problem statement. Information and knowledge synthesization. It's Friday, or almost Friday. Being able to consume information, being able to up-level, being able to really level up to a subject matter expert, being able to take advantage of tacit information that exists across your organization. These have been challenges that exist across the organization ecosystem, regardless of industry, forever. Right? You think about that tacit knowledge transfer. People coming into the organization. How do we ramp them to impact quickly? People leaving the organization. How do we ensure that those people don't leave with that information that is incredibly vital to your people, to your business, to your partners, to your customers? Right? You have all types of information to consume. You've got text. You've got code, if that's your job. You've got video. You've got audio. You've got PDFs. You've got dynamic content, like Google Doc Sheets and Slides. How do you consume all of that information and up-level and generate that knowledge and that information? And so we're able to look at these different problem areas and have a powerful solution that leverages large language model technology, but specifically grounded in that information to synthesize it and give you real-time access to it. It's going to keep you ahead of the curve and allow you to have that context and that awareness and that knowledge in minutes, in some cases, compared to hours, days, weeks, or months. And so Notebook LM is that AI-powered research assistant. Being able to upload questions, being able to use natural language to ask questions about that information, the multimodal information that we're able to upload into that, and grounded only in that information. So how do we remove hallucinations completely from that equation? It uses those sources to generate detailed summaries by default, automatically. It's going to have inline citations, which is incredibly important to know that it is grounded in absolute truth. And that user experience is incredibly intuitive to drive for that, right? Accuracy, transparency, and trust are incredibly important in the Gen.AI era. And that's something that Notebook LM is going to be able to give you. Simply upload those sources, documents, PDFs, video, audio. A lot of different sources can come into this. And then be able to take push-button prompts, push-button briefing docs, FAQs, trivia even, if you want to do that. And then also using natural language to ask questions that are specific to what you're trying to do. You can learn on the go. It is mobile-friendly. I was on my Pixel when I was in Phoenix, relearning how I'm going to respond to those panel questions. You can generate audio overviews. That can be on the go. Just pop it in the car if you're on your way to a meeting. You want to get up to speed on a customer, a project, anything. So when we think about the feature set that supports this, you're able to upload that scope of sources, right? Static, dynamic things like PDFs. Dynamic things like websites, YouTube videos, audio, Google editors. You're able to get those instant insights in place once those sources are there. You're able to pick and choose what sources you're able to use. And then you're able to see that source, not just the answer, which, again, is incredibly important when it comes to the Gen.A.I. era, asking questions and getting those results. And then be able to learn on the go, mobile-friendly and those audio overviews. There's also Notebook.LM+. This is fantastic news for our workspace, business, and enterprise customers because it's included at no additional cost. All of our Gemini and Gen.A.I. capabilities are included at no additional cost in our core SKUs. We feel that this is an essential technology that everyone should have access to. It's not a luxury, right? And it's really important. And with that Notebook.LM+. platform, you get higher usage. 500 notebooks, up to 300 sources per notebook. That's a lot of content to load into this. You get more queries. You get more audio overviews. You get customization on tone. I want it to be like an analyst. You can pick and choose what that looks like. The length of the response, longer, shorter, default. Advanced sharing and analytics. So if you're using it in the context of outside of the individual, sharing it with a team, sharing it across the organization for learning and development type use cases, you get to see how that information is being leveraged. And that data is critically important, especially in the Gen.A. era, because learning and development and change management are so important with tools like this. Not just with Notebook.LM, but all things generative AI, because it is so new and people need to understand how to get the most out of these capabilities. And of course, that is coming with complete inclusion in our workspace terms of service. We are not training our models with your data. We're not training our models with your sources. We're not training models with responses, audio overviews, et cetera. We want to have complete confidence in being able to say that for our customers. And it's one thing to hear me talk about it, but we'd much rather show you what this looks like. So I'm going to show you a brief demo. All right, lovely. So this is the Notebook.LM interface. Very straightforward. Again, we want to be intuitive. We want to create a new notebook. So I'm going to do exactly that. We're going to go ahead and hit create new. When it's a blank notebook, it's going to immediately pop up your source interface. So here you can see I've got the ability to upload sources, as well as choose from Google Drive, bring in links from websites and YouTube, or paste static text. You can see I've got a source limit indicator here. I also have a discover sources feature, which is newer, which is very cool. I'll show what that looks like in a second. But in this case, let's start with a static file. I'm going to bring in a PDF of a pitch deck reader. And so we're going to bring that PDF in. As you can see, it's going to consume this information in real time, synthesize it, and start to apply it to the notebook. And so I'm also, while that's coming up, going to bring in some stuff from Drive. So here's the Drive picker. If you're a Workspace customer, this should be very familiar to you. And we should have BRK. All right, we've got a folder. And then I can come in and select all and insert those six sources. So here you can see we've got a PDF, we've got a slide deck, and we've got Google Docs. As you can see, the notebook automatically generated a summary of the seven sources. It generated a title for the notebook for me. So a little fast quick start for me there. And now we can see we've got our source side here. I can pick and choose what sources I want to ground in. So it doesn't have to be everything. I can pick and choose what it's going to ground in when I ask questions or generate the audio overview. And then also you have this discover capability. So I could say, you know, how do run clubs influence fashion culture for shoes, right? And so I click that, and it's now going to go generate additional sources using the web to supplement the sources that I've already chosen. And this is really important when we're looking for that ideation and that inspiration to continue to learn and develop knowledge. And so here you can see all of the different sources or 10 sources I could read through. If I want to open the link and look at it, great, I can. I can pick and choose. Fantastic. And I can import, right? That is a very clean way to bring in additional context that I may not have considered when I was getting started. So as I get into the middle here, here's the customization on your conversation style. Default, analyst, guide, custom, longer, shorter, et cetera. I've got pre-built buttons on add a note, audio overview, and mind map, a visualization of the knowledge that we're building off of. One of the big things with generative AI has been prompt engineering, teaching people how to leverage prompting effectively to get the best results. One of the things that's really slick about this tool is that at the bottom here, you can see that it's auto-generating prompt ideas for the user. This is going to provide two benefits. Opportunity for automation. Oh, that's actually a great prompt. I can just click it like this, and it's going to go ahead and give me a response. But it also shows me what a good prompt looks like. So when we think about organically teaching people how to get the most out of these tools, that's another added benefit there of that kind of pre-built prompting based on the context of the notebook that we've established. And so here, you can see for this question, how does Symbol strategically blend fashion and performance to differentiate itself within the competitive sportswear market? I now have a detailed response. And here's those inline citations. I can hover over and see where that answer is derived from. I can click it. It's going to open up the source library here. I can, again, see where that is, where is that absolute truth for that response, which is fantastic. I can minimize that again. I can refresh this at any time if we're updating the sources in real time. Here's where we have our notes, which can be basically pinned outputs. So if I wanted to generate a briefing doc based on this content, I can do that or push a button as well, where it gets really, really interesting and really pushing the envelope on what is already an extremely innovative tool is audio overviews. The ability to generate AI created podcasts with two hosts talking about your content and you can give it instructions. So I can customize it. Focus on run club culture, right? I see this every day on the West Side Highway. It is very intimidating to see 300 people wearing all black running towards you. Just you've got to stay out of their way. So you can ask questions around like, how does this influence, how does fashion influence run club culture or vice versa? Focus on that area based on all this content. And then I click generate and it's going to generate that conversation. In this case, based on those 17 sources. For the sake of time, I've already gone ahead and done it, but with seven sources. So I'm going to go ahead and click play. You know, you might not think about it every single day, but the global running shoe market, it's actually a seriously big deal. Oh, absolutely. We're talking what a $15 billion valuation back in 2021 and get this, it's projected to hit. So it took a few minutes to generate grounded in that content that we've defined as sources. The other really cool thing that you can do is click this interactive mode. This is going to allow me to participate. You know, you might not think about it. Oh, Hey, welcome. What's up? How does run club culture influence fashion for shoe design? Oh, that's a really insightful question. It touches on something we were just about to discuss. Yeah. Perfect timing. You're right. The rise of run clubs is definitely shaping more than just fitness routines. What's fascinating here is how these social running groups, this move away from solo running, is impacting what runners want. This is something you can download. This is something you can share. This is something you can have access to on mobile, on web. It's a really wild experience the first time you do that and take advantage of that feature and with very little latency, getting a response grounded in that knowledge that you've supplied to the source, right? That is a relatively brief demonstration of that tool, of that capability. Now we're going to switch back over to our slides and finish things out. So, a couple ideas in terms of how we're seeing this used. Sales teams, sales enablement. Our account teams at Google are using this to build kind of knowledge of our customers. Account teams, it's their job to be informed on their customer audience and to be experts, to be customer obsessed. There's a lot of people that support customers in adjacent roles, right? I do a lot of executive briefings. I don't live with that customer every single day. And so, our teams will build these notebooks and then share them with someone like me who can then get up to speed with that notebook rather than spending time with them and disrupting their day. We see it for marketing insights. We see it for new product development. We see it for market research. We see it for knowledge and change management and learning and development, right? Massively, massively important. And so, these are core themes that we're seeing valuable. But I think to show where it's extremely practical, I'm going to bring our customer panel up. Thanks, everybody. Fantastic. Gentlemen, let's go ahead and start with some introductions. We'll start with you, Dan. Yes. So, I'm Dan Jaitman, delivery director at Root Beyond. I'm Tyrell DeSilva, the co-founder of Sonata Design and Empower Projects. And I'm Nick Spuehler. I lead applied AI at Fingerpaint Marketing. Awesome. So, we're going to start with Dan. To help us understand the practical applications, could you walk us through a specific example or a project or a workflow within your organization where Notebook.LM played a critical role? Initial challenges, opportunities, and how it was used. Absolutely. So, I think when we first got our hands on Notebook.LM, it was like this shiny new toy. And David just like, throw the bucket at it and let's see what crazy, you know, crazy use cases we can create. But actually, when we took a step back from that and started to look at it on a more practical basis, we started to see a few things really bubble up. And I think the first, one of the first opportunities was around RFIs. So, you know, as a technical consultancy, we're completing RFIs on a weekly basis. And they're fairly repetitive processes, hundreds of questions, you know, and you've got to go out to all different aspects of the business, whether it's HR, to find out, you know, head counts in certain regions or technology to find out what ISO accreditations we have and when we got them. And, you know, that's a lot of asking people and trying to build, you know, trying to get that information back from different sources around the business, globally distributed. It takes a lot of time. You know, it's a long, old process. By using Notebook.LM, we can then bring all of those sources in together. And, you know, the person completing those RFIs can pretty much accomplish 80% of the RFI in, you know, minutes to hours, whereas historically that might have taken days or weeks. One of the other interesting use cases was around, like, a Korean case study notebook. So, you know, let's say we've got a new starter in New York and they, you know, they're in a commercial team. They're having conversations with customers. And part of their job is to, you know, show where we've done this work before for a customer so that, you know, we can prove that, you know, we can do this type of work. But they may not know that we've done, you know, a great piece of work five years ago out of the London office. And they may not have access to that deck or that case study or know it exists. But by creating a notebook and making sure we pull in all of our case studies for the last 15 years, people can query the notebook, you know, using natural language. So, you know, do we have a specific data visualization project in the healthcare industry? You know, and it will bring back all of the information. But not only that, they can then link out to the deck. They know to go and speak to. And, yeah, it's a fantastic tool. That's fantastic. Tyrell, how about you? I think for us, it all came down to context and clarity. We come from a traditionally analog industry where there's a lot of domain-specific tacit knowledge, hundreds and hundreds of PDFs and documents where staff, team members, and partners are asking questions about suppliers or vendors. And that's eating up literally hours every week where myself or somebody on the sales or product team is going to try and find these answers for people. And we were able to upload thousands of sources into multiple notebooks. And those inquiries and requests have basically dropped to zero, which is really exciting. And enabling the sales team and the design team to, you know, take some people out of the step. The other really big thing that it's helped us unlock is just knowledge transfer and knowledge management in terms of strategy. So, you know, I used an example the other day where even with this conference, I started a notebook on Tuesday night to put the keynote in on Wednesday and anything else that I found relevant so that I could ask, you know, what should I be focusing on if this is my area of interest as I've been going through Google Cloud Next this week? And to watch the staff and team members do the same thing with any area of interest, both inside the business or outside has also been really cool so that they can ideate and strategize on, you know, solutions that will push us forward. Fantastic. Nick? Yeah. So we're a full-service marketing agency. And when, you know, LLMs hit the scene widely a few years ago, it was very clear. You know, like we sell a lot of words. And so it's like we got to figure out how this applies to the work we do. And we had some initial success, but there was always the ceiling because we're a healthcare marketing agency. And so, you know, you need to, every claim you put in market has to be meticulously fact checked supported by scientific literature, clinical data. And, you know, that's a pretty meticulous and time-consuming process. And so we always had this problem with LLMs where because we couldn't verify the output, you know, there was always, you know, again, we just couldn't get over the hump to scale it. And, you know, notebook comes along. And all of a sudden, you have, you know, this very self-contained, clear viewport where you have, you know, the ground truth that you've defined. You can get in there and you're brainstorming and ideating and writing. And most importantly, you can, you know, check on the fly and kind of almost do this like real-time QA or fact check. And that was a huge unlock for us because it caught us over this huge barrier that was otherwise kind of constraining how widely we could apply this transformational technology. And so it did feel like at a certain point when we were doing, you know, talking to our tester teams and working with our copywriters, it was like someone built this tool like just for us, like just for this use case. And, you know, so that's how we got our start and it's kind of taken off from there. That's awesome. So like any new tool or technology or platform, you have to implement it, right? So Dan, how did you approach implementation and activation at your organization? Did you set objectives? Did you just let it go? Did you measure progress along the way? Yeah, I think, yeah, our approach to implementation was, you know, let's not overthink it and let's not overengineer it. So it was kind of like, let's let it go rather than spend too much time thinking about how we're going to approach it and putting strategies behind it. You know, we knew we could see very clearly the types of use cases that were bubbling up, which were these kind of time drag issues. And in most cases, it was the people who were, again, asked these types of questions consistently on a daily basis who went, okay, look, I'm going to create something here and I'm going to load the sources in. And as long as we had the, you know, the data quality and the sources which we were loading and we were confident that it was the, you know, the source of truth and it was always updated, then, you know, we just created those notebooks. And very much how we work as a business is, you know, we're agile, we're iterative. Let's just get something up there. Let's try it. Let's see how it works. And then if it works, great. And if people start to get traction with it, then we'll refine it and put a bit of investment and thinking behind it. If not, we'll throw, you know, that notebook away and, you know, that tends to be how we work. Awesome. Tyrell? We did a number of internal training sessions. We didn't really set any specific objectives or measurables short of just kind of, you know, feeling it out and seeing were those number of requests and the time required to get quotes and project documentation complete going down. And for me, I think one of the biggest measurements of success was seeing that aha moment for people and having team members come running into my office and saying, you wouldn't believe what this notebook just answered. Like, I can't even believe it. And, you know, listening to people explain how they're training people on their team or how they're communicating by sharing audio interviews with customers to explain a concept or a design was, for us, a really big measure of success. And I think, you know, that's kind of a similar approach is you have to just try it, test it, play with it. If that notebook doesn't work, delete it. Nick? You know, we definitely take a play-based approach to start. But, you know, so much of Gen AI implementation right now and business transformation is, like, you know, going after big wins. And I think that we've taken increasingly a more measured approach to how we spend our time and resources and working with new technology and applying it across our business. And so, you know, we are after transformational change, not just incremental benefit. And so we've gotten, I think, a little more precious about, like, what we, you know, try to spend our time on. And that sounds great. And then real life happens. And, like, a big client calls. And they're like, hey, you know, we have a rush job. And we had, you know, only a skeleton team up to help us fulfill it. And everyone was kind of, like, panicking a little bit. And we're like, well, you know, we had this copywriting success with Notebook. Like, let's try it over here, even though it wasn't on our roadmap. And, you know, that team of, it was three people. And in five days, they achieved what, you know, normally we probably would have staffed with, like, six to eight people. It would have been four to six weeks to fulfill. And I think that, you know, kind of happy accident really opened up our eyes to, okay, this applies a lot more broadly than we were even considering. And so we've, you know, again, we talked about measurement. We have all the normal, you know, measure of, like, you know, speed to value or, you know, I don't know, like, human equivalent hours saved, like, metrics like that. But we always do postmortems with the team. And that little small tester team, you know, there's a couple, like, AI skeptics there where they're, you know, not really been using the technology. And what we heard from them basically explained the value of the product for us where they were like, oh, I see what all the fuss is about. I see why people are talking about this. And then it was also, like, what we didn't hear, which was like, how do I use this? Like, what's this for? Like, the intuition, again, these are all really clear signals that we need to think more widely about how this might work in our business. Fantastic. And so when you're thinking about encouraging usage, I think, Nick, you kind of touched on this. The intuitive nature of it is really important. But were there any kind of programmatic trainings that you were running? Were there strategies around that? Did you build training resources? Did you use Notebook.lm as a way to teach people about Notebook.lm? Yeah, I think our approach was very much show, not tell. You know, I think, of course, we create training guides and, you know, try and do demos and show people how to use it. But very much it's, you know, it's showing people. And we kind of get that wow moment when they see that actually it can do it. And then they become advocates for the tool themselves. And that's how that tends to be how we work. We find the people who we think, you know, this person is going to be an advocate. They're, you know, a powerful influencer in the business. So rather than tell people and mandate that you've got to use these tools for these reasons, we'll show them on a live issue that they've got and walk them through it. And, you know, whether that's, like I said, you know, filling out an RFI will jump on with a commercial person show that this can solve 80% of the questions in here very, very quickly. You get that. I think you mentioned it in the second question there, that kind of aha moment. And we get that. And then it organically grows from there. That person will take it up and see the value in it. And then they'll start to promote it out and explain it to other people. And very quickly, you start to see that trickle through the business. Yeah. So almost like a sense of virality where people are excited. They're sharing their wins. I can't believe I did this. Yeah. Tyrell? We approached it very similarly, but we did a little bit more telling than showing in the beginning. We told the team why this was important and through the lens of digital transformation for a small business, like how this could be impactful. Then we showed them the tool. And then we actually told them to stop asking anybody in senior leadership or management questions without conferring or referring to Notebook. So we would get emails for the first couple of weeks after the initial demos. We scheduled demos basically every two weeks to do everything Notebook and Gemini inside the business. And in that first week, people would send emails or texts. And my response back or somebody on the management team response back would be, did you ask the bot or did you ask Notebook? And don't come back to me with that question unless the answer is yes. And so it was a little bit of enforcement, but it was that same thing. I think eventually that virality or that excitement and the magic that really comes from using these tools with Gen.ai took over and people started sharing their own use cases and how they were using it. And did you know you could upload a Google document from the drive? And then as you add additional context and information to the Google document, it's automatically pulling into Notebook and stuff that even I didn't fully understand when I first started implementing the tool. So the team started training the people that were in management. It was really, really cool. So you just birthed the new phrase, let me Notebook LM that for you. We're going to get a new domain for that fired up right away. I would just send them an email back with a link to the Notebook. Fantastic. Nick, how about you? Yeah, we've taken a really peer-led approach. And then also kind of like a flood the zone strategy. You know, we're trying to create a lot of access points that are really easy to meet people where they're at. Like, you know, we do office hours every week for an hour. You can just pop in very casual, and it is that, like, show, not tell sort of mentality. We have, like, a 15-minute all staff every Tuesday where, like, more often than not, there's some sort of AI use case because, again, it's the thing we're trying to figure out. And Notebook always does really well because, again, there's so many features and modalities that have such, you know, someone might be using it this way, and it's just sparking all these new ideas, like you guys were saying. You know, Slack channels for best practices, share outs. We have a resource center, and, you know, we debated at some point, like, is this too much? Are we overwhelming people? But I think generative AI right now, the pace of it is overwhelming, and so we don't want to leave anyone hanging, and we want to, you know, make sure there's on-demand async resources. And then also, you know, hey, nothing is more valuable than hearing from someone on your team or your department or even just at your company. Like, we curate all the YouTube influencers too, but, you know, that peer-to-peer touch, I think, has helped it, again, scale, like get initial usage and then kind of explode. Yeah, I think the sharing your wins piece for the broad community of users is massively valuable, and I think another thing that for all the customers that I've had the opportunity to speak to, almost loud executive support of tools and executives showing how they're benefiting from it. You've got a lot of benefits there of, like, number one, there's almost a sense of, like, oh, if they're doing it, I have to. So, but, you know, it's lead by example in a lot of different ways, so that's fantastic. And so next question, we'll talk about outcomes. Significant outcomes, were there any big surprises, any unexpected wins, or any unanticipated challenges when it came to Notebook LMP org? Yeah, I think the outcomes and the results, especially for some of the use cases I've spoken about, kind of, you know, speak for themselves. So, yeah, things like I reckon we can reduce the, you know, the time to complete an RFI by 80%, but also, you know, give the information for people to be able to complete 80% of that as well, which is really, really powerful, and we're seeing that across all the notebooks which we've been producing. I think in terms of kind of some of the biggest surprises, I think personally speaking, I found it, you know, the podcast feature incredible. I think it's amazing. It makes me look very good. There's been plenty of cases where I've uploaded probably a technical proposal into it, just so that I can understand it a little bit better, and it comes out with some great nuggets, which I can then go into a technical meeting with some of our technical leaders and pretend I know what I'm talking about. And I think, you know, that type of stuff, being able to almost educate me and have someone who I can talk to almost and ask them questions, I think has been, you know, really, really interesting. I think the challenges are the adoption, you know, making sure that people can understand the value of this if they're a bit hesitant. You know, we've got a lot of people in the business who, you know, are jumping in headfirst, but that's not everyone. And so being able to kind of, you know, take people along for the ride and make sure they understand the value of it, I think they're the challenges which we've got to deal with. Fantastic. I think I would dovetail off that because I agree that's also one of our biggest challenges has been adoption and the outcome of using Notebook LM in a meaningful way was that those skeptics started to kind of come around. And I think once they were able to see how powerful and impactful this can be, they really changed their tune. And I wouldn't say that they're champions of AI yet, but they've definitely started to embrace and adopt the technology in a meaningful way. So I guess that's kind of an outcome and a surprise from the same challenge. Fantastic. Nick? Yeah. You know, I already told you about an unexpected win, but I think that was sort of like a bellwether of things to come. I've been so surprised by how elegantly it's scaled horizontally across our business. And it's to the point where, you know, because it's in the air now and we're sort of people are seeing what it's capable of and discovering new things, it feels like every week. You know, I got a call from someone from finance last week, and they're like, hey, can I get access to notebook.com? I was like, I barely know what you do, and I could give you absolutely no help on how you could use this tool for what you're trying to do, but I'm excited that you're excited and try it out and let me know. And so I think that's been really fun to see, and, you know, the momentum keeps going. On the other side, you know, the challenge, I would just echo everything that's said here, is change is emotional. And because AI, you know, has sort of just this breakneck pace, I think that it's 10x the amount of time and attention you need to give to change management. And I have deep sympathy for people that are, like, skeptical and have been on the sidelines and are now, you know, hearing, oh, you've got to get involved because, you know, they've been not using it for multiple years maybe at this point, and they've been reading, like, robot apocalypse headlines. And so, you know, you've got to kind of enter into that with understanding. But, again, it's, you know, we survey our people. We, you know, do postmortems. And what we hear from every direction is when you use it, all those fears and anxieties go away, and you actually have tangible benefit. And that's what we love about Notebook is, like, it works. It does what it says it's going to do. When our people get their hands on it, they find immediate benefit. And the on-ramp to getting that benefit is, you know, pretty flat. Do you think that this platform almost kind of takes an easier route to get the skeptics into the generative AI experience where it's not as, you know, it doesn't feel as risky for that type of user? Yeah, I think that it is just so accessible, so easy to use, and so impactful on day one that it's like a warm blanket, you know? Okay, there we go. I like that answer. Were there any people in the business where they used it, and you're like, whoa, that person used it? What was that question? Anyone that surprised you, like, you were like, wow, that person used it, and they got benefit from it? Like, almost surprised you that they were an adopter? Yeah, I think so. I think you always get that type of person, though you're in the business. But yeah, yeah. We had the same thing happen with somebody in the accounting function as well, and I actually don't know what they're doing with it. I got a follow-up, too. But I think, you know, what we see is I'm always surprised people are coming up with new and inventive ways to apply it to their subject matter expertise all the time. But, like, I think, you know, the human is strongly in the loop, and if you have those fears, like, out of the gate, you have defined the ground truth from which you're working, right? You have this QA mechanism with the inline citations where if you are ever in doubt or skeptical, like, there is actual product design that lets you QA that on the fly. And I think that helps get people over the hump rather than just, like, you know, some, you know, chatbot experience where they still might retain some of that doubt. Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. So as we wrap up here with the last question, Dan, how has this evolved the way the team's worked? And then what do you envision is next for the organization as Notebook LM evolves, which we know is rapid? Yeah, well, I think it's helping us become, I guess, more comfortable with what's, you know, historically been, you know, an uncomfortable world for a lot of people. They're having to get familiar with tools and AI. I think it's, I really like Notebook because it's a great stepping stone into, you know, the more complex world of using Gemini and some of the functionality within there. And, you know, especially for people who are a little bit more hesitant and a little bit more concerned about, you know, using these types of tools, it's a really nice stepping stone for them. You know, it's based on the information, like you say, there's kind of, you know, it's not creatively coming up with any new content. It's basing it on what's there. So it's kind of a low-risk, easy route into kind of, you know, the Gemini world and the kind of writing more creative prompts and using it for kind of creative purposes. So I think that's been great. It's good for the team to kind of experience that and they start to become more comfortable with that world. I think in terms of what's next, you know, trying to keep up with the pace of change and trying to keep an eye on, you know, making sure we're moving as quick as the technology's moving and the features are moving. I think that's going to be the interesting challenge for us. For sure. I think that's actually how it has involved inside our organization is that we're using it to do that. You know, we're uploading any kind of newsletter or publication that we follow closely and marketing or strategy or AI and adding those sources in real time day by day to ask what we should be looking into or should be testing. So it evolves from just a knowledge management and sales enablement product tool to something that's becoming integral to our overall strategy and the way that the company is using AI. And then I think I would second that, that, you know, it's helped us with adoption. It's opened up the entire world of Gen AI to people that are typically very analog and slow to change in our industry. And I think what's next is really going to be this, you know, we've heard the word agent probably five million times if you're sitting in the room today, but all things agent are going to be extremely important in the future. And, you know, notebook is a way to really easily explain to somebody that might not understand what that means, where we're headed. So I think it's been transformational for the business, but it's also pushing us and users of this technology to the next level. Fantastic. Nick? You know, those, the nylon squirrel suits that the base jumpers use, like you have to have a lot of trust in that technology to make that leap. And when I look out across our business now and our user base, I see a lot of intellectual base jumping because of notebook LM and people are like jumping into new ideas that are more ambitious. They're, you know, you guys are saying, like going into domains where they're far from the subject matter expertise and exploring and playing around. And they're also kind of pursuing things that they're really passionate about or always interested in, but never had time for. And so, you know, just watching the way that like our early adopters, our power users, our A players are applying this technology to their work. You know, like we're an ad agency. Like we sell ideas too. And I think that how aggressively they're expanding, you know, the problem and solution spaces they're exploring because of notebook is really exciting. If that was it, like, and that's where we're at today, that'd be awesome. But, you know, I think about like what's next. Like, okay, that's a, we just scaled this like three months ago. Change takes time, but now it's in everyone's hands. So like play the tape forward six months from now, a year from now. Like what does our business look like? Like what are we going to be capable of? And I think that scale is a separator. And so I'm very excited to work at that version of finger paint when everyone has these capabilities and they don't just understand like the mechanics of the product, but are now using it to push themselves. And I'll just close by saying that, you know, everything we do is pure lead. And one of our early testers was, you know, he just became like such an advocate for the product. He went from like novice to real champion. And so when we rolled it out to the whole company, he did the demo and, you know, he led the product much like you just did. And there was a lot of people seeing it for the first time and it was in Oz, but he kind of closed with this really great rallying cry, which was like, you know, you need to take the governor off your imagination when you use this tool. And like we are the limit now. And I think that set the tone for our company. And we're really excited to see where that goes from here. That is amazing. All right, folks, if you're interested, we got a QR code. We also would love your feedback, but we really appreciate your time today. Thank you for our wonderful customers. Thank you. Enjoy the killers tonight. I know I will. Hopefully you're coming to our workspace happy hour, but thanks again, everyone. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.