 Welcome. My name is Mary Coes. I'm a product manager in Cloud Observability. I'm really excited to get to share with you some of our new features and takeaways from our talk on out-of-the-box application monitoring, how we can reimagine observability in Google Cloud. So I've got my application here, and it's really important for me to understand how it is performing. So let me go ahead and start with this new feature, Cloud Hub. We've got the health and troubleshooting. I can see at a glance my application, symbol BNB, and any open alerts, anything going on in Google Cloud. I've got a list of all my services and workloads. The way I got here was by setting up App Hub. So App Hub will automatically discover all the services and workloads in my folder, which spans of course multiple projects. I can register additional services or workloads, and also understand how my application is set up and performing. For that, we've got this new feature, Application Monitoring and Observability. So in Cloud Observability, we have Application Monitoring. We have new out-of-the-box dashboards for all apps, services, and workloads. So I can see at a glance what's going on, which of my services and workloads might be having issues, some golden signals associated with those services and workloads. I also have a dashboard where I can deep dive into those golden signals, see any uptime checks that are associated with this, and any application logs. So for example, if there's an error in my logs, I can go ahead and kick off a new investigation related to this application, and it's going to pull in all of that context for me. So this is going to help me to troubleshoot my applications much more quickly than I would on my own. Finally, I want to call out another new feature, Cost Explorer. And so by building on this concept of an application, we're able to understand the cost associated with it as well, joined with all of the utilization data for my application. Great. So our key takeaway is that observing your apps instead of your infrastructure has some real benefits for your team. So if you don't already have apps set up, you can design apps using Application Design Center. That will auto-register your apps into AppHub. If you already have an app set up, go ahead and register it with AppHub manually, and then you'll get out of the box features for application monitoring in Cloud Observability. And that will also unlock the app experience, including new features like Cost Explorer and CloudHub. We hope you enjoy these new features. Thank you so much for watching.