 Good afternoon. Thank you all for being here today. It's great to be here. It's my first time at Next. Is anyone else first time at Next? Awesome. Welcome. It's also my birthday week, and my boss promised if I moderated this panel, he'd throw me a big party tomorrow featuring the killers. So here I am. My name is Patrice Ju, and I am part of the Google Public Sector Go-To-Market team. Today, we're diving into a critical topic, how the public sector can protect our resources and invest in tomorrow with data and AI. The backdrop to our conversation is the increasing economic and environmental challenges that are facing us globally. From shrinking water resources to the complexities of our global supply chain, the need for innovative solutions has never been greater. Fortunately, we have the benefit and wealth of technology innovation opportunities. And data and AI are offering unprecedented capabilities to monitor, analyze, and address these challenges. Now, before we welcome up our panelists, I want to take a moment to share why Google is so unique. At Google, we believe the public sector should have the same access to private sector resources and not be constrained by GovClouds. At Google, we believe that the public sector should have the same access for cutting-edge AI and security innovations. And at Google, we believe that the public sector should have the same access for the public sector. For any Google service in the commercial sector, our goal is to make it available for the government. We want to give you the same access, the same compute, the same models, the same infrastructure, the same speed, the same security. I think you get the point. We want to offer the private sector, we want to offer the public sector everything that the private sector has. And at Google, we are pioneers of zero trust. We bring cutting-edge AI and security innovations to mission-critical applications across the public sector. We will continue to invest in our accredited commercial cloud for the public sector so that our public sector customers can continue to get all the benefits that our private sector clients get. So let's take a closer look at this approach. For those of you that were at Sundar and Thomas Kurian's keynote this morning, you probably saw our unique full-stack approach to AI. So I want to share a little bit more about how Google is innovating and leveraging to benefit our customers. Google accelerates innovation and delivers mission outcomes with a unique full-stack approach. We shared this morning on the ways that Google is providing innovation across every layer of this technology. From our AI infrastructure, these are our data centers in our chips, through our world-class research, our models and tooling, and our products and platform. And this allows Google to drive efficiencies throughout the entire tech stack and to build secure and scalable products for billions of active daily users each day. As the public sector moves from AI pilots, AI pilots, AI pilots to comprehensive mission deployments, this full-stack offering becomes critically important. And today, you'll hear how this approach is benefiting our customers and how they're using it to partner with Google to move quickly, to scale and to innovate. We have an exceptional panel of leaders today, each at the forefront of this innovation. You'll hear about the great work being done by the Utah Department of Natural Resources, the United Nations Industrial Development Organization, UNITO, and the South Florida Water Management District. And all three organizations are demonstrating transformation in action with advanced technology across the globe. They are going to share impactful stories and share with us how they're utilizing sophisticated platforms to monitor and manage critical water supplies, how they're building more sustainable global supply chains through advanced data analysis, and how they're enhancing water resource management and protecting the health of over 9 million residents. Without further ado, please join me in giving a warm welcome to our panelists. Hello. Hey. Hello. Hello. Did we do it right? We did. Did we get an order? Yeah, we did. So proud of us. Thank you so much for being with us today. I know many of you traveled from far to join us, and we appreciate you coming to Google Next. Let's start with some introductions. If you can share more about your role, your organization, and your mission, and then we'll dive into some challenges and use cases. Summer, we'll start with you. All right. Thank you all for coming today, all five of you joining the boring government session. I'm Summer Dawn. I work for the Division of Water Resources in Utah, which is one of 11 agencies that is part of the Department of Natural Resources. And our mission is to develop, plan, protect, and conserve Utah's water resources, which, you know, easy task, no big deal. And my team is the Web IT and communications team. So we're really like three teams in one team. So that's also fun. And I won't really talk much more about my role, because if you want to know more about that, just come talk to me later. It's just too much. Awesome, Jason. Thank you very much for having me here. So, yeah, my name is Jason Slater. I'm the Chief Digital and Innovation Officer for a United Nations organization that specializes on industrial development. We've been around since 1966. And we have a very specific focus on how can we help member states in terms of their industrial transformation. We prioritize how can we help through industrialization of a world without hunger, ensure sustainable supply chains, and how can we mitigate climate action. And my job is to make sure with AI and digitalization that we have a horizontal function that we embed that within all of those strategic priorities. All right. Good. All right. Thank you all, and good afternoon. My name is Akin Owoshino. I'm the Chief Information Officer at the South Florida Water Management District. I've been with the agency 26 years. The first 24 and a half or so were in engineering and modeling, applying modeling tools and techniques to answer important flood control type questions and restoration projects. The last one and a half or so have been extremely good fun, applying all other technology to trying to approve or achieve the agency mission. The South Florida Water Management District is the largest of five water management districts in Florida. We're also the oldest, been around since about 1949. We have a mission that spans multiple areas, and in those areas, we're responsible for making sure that the water resources of the area is met, flood control and other things are met. And to achieve those mission areas, you need a very strong technology base and science base. So I'm happy that sometime today I'll be sharing with you some of those fun stories of what we've been able to do with technology. Excellent. Thank you for sharing about your mission and your organization. I'd love to dive more into the challenges that you're experiencing and some of the use cases and how you might be leveraging Google. So for the first question, effective management of natural resources and infrastructure development are crucial for economic growth. Please share some of the challenges that you're facing and use cases where you've leveraged cloud solutions, data analytics, or AI to protect resources and promote sustainable development. Akeen, we'll start with you. Good. So I kind of teased some of my response to this question. I'll start with the mission area. I mentioned that there were four key facets to our mission. One of them is water supply. We don't sell water. We're not a utility, but we're responsible for making sure the water resources of our area of South Florida, which stretches from Orlando all the way to the Keys, for those of Florida, is protected for the future. For all uses, environmental and human. We also have a water quality requirement, and I'll speak some more to that in a little bit. We are responsible for making sure that the water that's dispersed for multiple purposes fit for those purposes. Interestingly, we have a little angle on flood control and on restoration. The flood control piece, though, I think is one of the most important ones, and it's been said by some that outside of mosquito control and air conditioning, what we do is what's made the large population that live in South Florida live there. The challenge with these mission areas is that they are conflicting. To do good flood control, you often want to get rid of water as quickly as you can. But to do water supply, getting rid of water quickly is counterproductive. You want to store it so you can use it when you need it, and it's the same with the other mission areas. And so we have to balance these competing needs, and to be able to balance those needs, we've had to use good science. And often with good science comes big data. Over 70 plus, 75 plus years, we've accumulated a lot of data, and our tools and techniques have become increasingly more sophisticated and complex. And to be able to handle these large data sets and to be able to do this computation that's required to provide good actionable science, we found out we had to process larger and larger data sets. And when the opportunity came to work with Google to do some work in the cloud and use BigQuery, I think it was a situation where our needs lined up very well with what Google was trying to do. So I've talked about some of the challenges we have. You have some climate related things with rising sea levels, increased dominance, and dense population growth in our area. We have this conflicting mission areas, and we have a very strong focus on science. And we have to use that data to become information that can help with making the appropriate decisions. Thank you. Jason? Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so in terms of some of the challenges, maybe I just need to give the broader picture. So from our perspective, so we're operating in around 120 countries and primarily, of course, with industrial development, we are trying to help developing and middle income countries. And there are some huge challenges that are out there. I mean, I'm being asked to chair a UN-wide working group on digital economy. And if I just take Africa alone, there are 33% only of the population that's connected. There are 2.6 million that are impacted by the digital divide out of roughly 8 million globally. Wow. So some of the challenges that we have, yeah? There are around 260 million less women working in this area in digitalization than there are in men. So there are huge challenges that we have. But there are certain positives in there. Particularly if I'm looking at Africa as a continent, around 60% of the population are under the age of 25. And they want to be involved in the kind of stuff that we are here to talk about today. How can AI, how can digitalization support countries to not only leap front, but speed up a lot of the way that they actually operate and what have you? And in this regard, one of the things that we've done in UNIDO, which is slightly unique within the United Nations, is we team up with the private sector. And I won't go into that detail because I think you may ask me a question about it. But how have we developed a strategic partnership last September with Google, Google Cloud, to see how we can co-develop what we call Lighthouse solutions to solve some of those real problems that we see right the way down from the coffee farmer to those people who need digital upskilling, etc. So that's the kind of approach that we've been looking at. It's a great opportunity to bring the UN, bring governments, bring the private sector together, really to solve some of those bigger challenges that we are confronted with. That's great. And Jason, if I can kind of pinpoint, I love the statistic that you gave. Was it 60% are under 25 years old? Yeah, around 60% of Africans are under the age of 25. And there is a very, very strong aptitude to get into working on AI digitalization. We've started to support this in a number of countries in Morocco and Ethiopia, etc., creating centers of excellence where we actually deploy private sector technology so that people can actually get their hands and touch it, see how we can actually benefit them in their own careers and their own aspirations. I love that. So there's kind of the hunger and the excitement to engage with AI. That's great. We'll come back to this for sure. Great. Summer? We don't have any challenges. I would say we have been struggling to keep up and to be able to do important work. The way we work has changed. A good example of this is our office used to be like 90% engineers and now there's more other than engineers, you know? And the other are folks who are trying to utilize GIS and data to, you know, provide the information that helps the decision makers. And, you know, I have people coming to my office saying, I've been running this model for a year, you know, or how can I run this model? And I'm sending them home with old machines to just keep a model running untouched for like a year. And so we were looking, we've been looking for solutions to being able to store that data, process that data, share that data, visualize that data. And we're babies in this process. We have had GCP for less than a year and we're already seeing massive hope. Like I have hope finally. We have currently 29 projects. I'm looking at Aaron. He's the cat herder. He's a hero. We have 29 projects set up in there. And of those 29, four of them are pilot AI projects using Vertex AI. And they're all in varying degrees of, you know, work. Some of them are completed applications, moving to prod. And then we have some folks who are still scared of it. So I would say another challenge is adoption, right? So those very same people that are lining up at my office begging me to find solutions for them. We have now found it. And they are scared to use it or they don't like change. I mean, how many of us like change? I mean, I like change, but I'm not the normal person. So that's been a big challenge. But we've had a lot of support from Google. We've had a lot of support from DTS, which is our local division of technology, which is, it's tremendous to have Google and DTS working together supporting us. It's been incredible. So that's great. And so I love what you said about adoption and kind of workforce challenges. And we'll talk a little bit more about that later. But that's a great tee up for that as well. I want to ask you a few kind of individual questions about the use cases, the challenges that you're experiencing. Jason, I'm going to start with you. Jason, can you please share for you, Nido? What are your views on the art of the possible in regards to AI and sustainability? And perhaps I'll give you a teaser using coffee supply chains as an example. Thank you very much. I will use the coffee one. If I may, I will just use a second one very briefly, because I also was dealing with internal digitalization recently. So but the first one is on coffee. So the European Union established a new regulation just over a year or so ago. It is called deforestation. And we were faced with an issue where, you know, Ethiopia in particular is the fifth largest coffee producer, producing 95% of ribica coffee beans. And around 3 billion cups of coffee, I found out, are drunk a day. Not 3 billion people, but cups of coffee. Those are from the International Coffee Organization. So a new regulation comes out and suddenly you have a situation which was basically targeting the private sector so that they could pay a levy to say that the supply that they're taking, whether it be coffee, avocado, etc. or cocoa is not subjected to deforestation. Very simple. However, as often happens, this trickles its way down the supply chain to the farmers. So we were confronted with a situation where we needed to find a technology provider that would lurk with us to establish what we call a light-toe solution. So we teamed up with Google Cloud, also with Illy Cafe, Lavazza, International Coffee, to governments to basically co-create and to identify how can AI help the coffee farmer ultimately so that when they have coffee beans that they're producing that they can demonstrate that this is not subjected to deforestation. But of course comes other benefits as well. Because previously I collect my coffee beans, I go to the market and I sell. But now we're establishing, we're looking to establish through this platform, you know, a bean to cup. You can trace it all the way through. So as us consumers drinking our coffee, we know exactly, you know, where did it come from and it was not subjected to deforestation. So this is using all of the usual Google technology that one would expect from GIS, etc. Very briefly, my second example, just very briefly. Yes, please. As a human organization, we are mainly at... I think, Jason, you traveled the furthest here, so you can take a little look. As a human organization, so now this is something that's already in place. I wanted to use your example internally about adoption. UN is about paper and policy. I guess most of you think of us as that very bureaucratic and what have you. But just imagine if... UN is 80 years old in September. It'll be 80. All that policy, all that paperwork, we are now using Google technology now to basically give people internally the organization the same ability to search as they would do in their own private and personal lives. So that's the second internal one where we're really leveraging AI and Google technology to drive this knowledge management, this being, you know, 80 years worth of history. I love the examples that you gave because they're so simple and yet you're using AI across, like with the coffee example, kind of the supply chain, right? To see where it started to get the cup of coffee and all the way down to where it began. With the firms, it's just very cool to be able to see that supply chain. Thank you for sharing those, Jason. Summer, I know you said you don't have any challenges, but I'm going to come to you. Given the multifaceted challenges surrounding water resource management, including drought and public health concerns, how does the GCP platform or other Earth Engine or BigQuery platforms facilitate collaboration and data sharing among diverse stakeholders, such as government agencies, researchers, and the public? Right. Before I answer that, I have to say, coincidentally, I was the ILLI distributor for Utah for a long time. So I'm a big fan. I'd love to hear more about that. And I'd probably drink half of those billions of cups of coffee myself. Me too. For us, GCP has really been a catalyst for bringing a lot of stakeholders together. Something we've seen a lot in sort of the IT front and project front, and I'm sure a lot of you experience this as well, is people work in silos, right? And we have all these different agencies. So a great example of this is the Great Salt Lake. If you go to our site, greatsaltlake.utah.gov, and you go to the management and partners page, there is this very complicated diagram that has so many agencies listed, and we're not even listing all of them, right? But all of us who have a hand in the management and health of the Great Salt Lake, we weren't talking to each other. We were reinventing the wheel in many different ways. And as government agencies, we're like, oh, we can't spend money. We're going to cobble something together, you know? And so we weren't finding efficient means to solve our problems, and we weren't talking together and knowledge sharing. I'm a huge fan of collective intelligence, and I feel like GCP is helping facilitate that, getting people together, talking. We have a chat where anyone who has a project under our subscription can ask questions, and the Google folk are on there, DTS folk are on there. And people are starting to talk about the projects they're doing. We also have kind of check-ins on those projects. And it's been amazing to see, oh, you know what? We started working on that, or we thought we were going to work on that, but you're already working on that. How can we help you? How can we work together? Yeah. You know? And how will all this potentially work together in the future? And it's been incredible. I love that. I love what you said about the silos, and then using technology to break down the silos and knowledge share, and kind of leverage what's already existing to have conversations to solution together. So that's a great one. Thank you, Simar. Akeen, I'm coming over to you for the South Florida Water Management District. You are doing some really important things over there in the district, including flood protection for over 9 million people in South Florida. That's just tremendous. The restoration of the Everglades and also major natural ecosystems. How have you leveraged the Google Cloud platform? All right. Thanks for that question. About two, maybe three years ago, we actually had a team of scientists that were very motivated to do something different. And we were able to get together with our scientists, our geospatial team, and folks from my group in IT to explore this opportunity with the Florida Department of Environmental Protection and Google to see how we could leverage some of Google's tech stack to answer some of our questions. So I mentioned earlier that we had these four mission areas. We collected a whole lot of data. We generated reports from those data. And what we found out was that a lot of our scientists were spending a lot of time generating excess of 350 reports annually that's been consumed by different people, the legislature or some other formal reporting requirements. And that's time taken away from doing discovery. Mm-hmm. Work with science and the data. And getting the insights from all this data that we have, which is a rich access. So part of their motivation was that. And so when we got this relationship with Google, we looked at it with a number of important steps and then a case, an example case that we would work on. So first of all, we wanted to put our DB Hydro dataset in the cloud. I wanted to make it so that it was accessible to others and we could leverage Google's BigQuery, information that's available in Google's Earth Engine, using a tool at the time called Google Climate. I'm not sure if any of you, sorry, called Climate Engine. I'm not sure if any of you have used that, which had APIs and allowed us to actually access what's in Earth Engine very efficiently. The idea was if we could automate a lot of the report generation stuff, we could free up time for our scientists to do discovery and really come up with good things that could help with better decision making. We've really achieved many of the objectives we set. We have a DB Hydro dataset, which is 70-plus years of data, mostly in hydrologic in South Florida, currently in the cloud. We met the objective of getting it there and it's been kept current up to the previous day. One of the things we want to do is make it as close to real-time as possible so that it becomes actionable not just for our scientists but for folks who operate the system as well. And I actually met a couple of gentlemen who have been working with Google and us to talk through some elegant ways of accomplishing this. So that's one of the things we kind of hope to accomplish going forward. But even more importantly than that, by going through this exercise, we came up with a case study where we're going to use the information we had in our database. We're going to use data from remote sensors or satellite imagery to look at Lake Okeechobee, one of the biggest freshwater lake systems in Florida. We're going to see how the formation of harmful algae bloom, how it develops and how it spreads. The objective was to be able to predict algae bloom so we could either take action to preposition resources for a response or to make operational decisions. That case study went well. We had done efforts in the past trying to see how well we could predict and we've made some success. But after about two days of prediction, our performance dropped below an acceptable level. With the Google, we ended up with an AI-generated machine learning type model and we were quite satisfied that it was able to give us up to 80% fidelity up to three days out, which was good. It's good for some of the type of work we want to do. It wasn't exactly sufficient for making operational decisions where when you lose water or you actually move water or retain it, the consequences last longer than three days. But we learned a lot from that exercise. I'm going to hope I can get to talk about those. But I'm going to do what Jason just did and give you a second example. But I'll make it short. One of the things we just finished and there's a tool, an app we just completed, developed completely by scientists within the district. No IT. Well, there was some slight IT input and there was a cloud geographer. Kel, I can't remember his last name. He was one of the Google guys. He has almost called status with some of my scientists. But they were able to develop a tool that generates what's called a hydro period. It's essentially how long water is above ground in a wetland system, an area you're trying to restore. So some of our projects are restoration projects where we take areas that have been over drained and we try to get them back to being wetlands. And one of the metrics that you use is how well you are successful at inundating that site and how long you can keep the area wet. Now, our overall goals are not just getting the hydro period right. It's being able to get the ecology to respond. But you need to get the hydro period right to get the ecology to respond. And what they were able to do was create a tool that leveraged the data we have in Earth Engine and in our DB Hydro dataset, could create on the fly and be interactive to generate these hydro period analysis that you could do on just any increment of time you wanted to look at. It's useful stuff that they are beginning to look at. And because it was developed by the scientists, we don't have a problem with adoption, which is often a challenge when I build something for them. So we've done a number of things and we've learned quite a lot. And I'm hoping that through further questions on the panel, I'll get to talk about some more of them. Great. Kim, thank you. That was a really great example, too, of something that you're experiencing in the district, that you're using BigQuery and Google products to immediately fix in advance. Thank you. I want to turn back to, Summer, you had shared a little bit about the adoption problem. And I want to talk broadly about workforce challenges. And this is a question for any of you on the panel. In order to prepare our workforce for the future of AI, ensuring they have the necessary skills and knowledge to deploy, develop, and utilize data and AI-powered solutions is critical. How are you thinking about this? So this is kind of preparing your workforce. It may be about adoption, but how are you thinking about preparing your workforce in this age of AI? And this is open to anyone. I think for us, we had the state of Utah had a Gemini pilot this year. And it was interesting to see the different responses to whether folks wanted to utilize it or how do you turn it off? And, you know, what is this? So I think the top thing is sort of educating the different AI solutions. You know, what is a chat bot? Seems really simple. But people are confusing a lot of things. And we are, you know, frequently calling machine learning AI. And so I try to interchange that whenever I can to help people sort of understand. And I see people look a little terrified when we talk about AI. And so for us in the Department of Natural Resources, we're mainly just a bunch of hippies working for the government. And so we have other concerns, right, that we have to consider the energy use, the water use of data centers. Yep. And so that's been very interesting to see sort of the real concern there. It's made it really difficult to make people feel comfortable adopting it. I had someone, we were showing them how to use Notebook LM, and we click the button and she says, I wonder how much water we just used. And I was like, okay, yeah, we should probably make sure we know a good answer to that, right? And if we need to work on solutions to that. So education and making sure we're staying ahead of the curve and we're not just being dragged behind. We need to be intentional about what we're doing and making sure we're supporting our employees. So. Great. I love it. Jason, did you have something to add? Yeah. This is not internal workforce, but I'm looking at this externally focused in terms of the adoption of technology within our member states. Because it is a huge challenge. The statistics around Africa is that around 26% of technology adoption. So that's a very, you know, one in four people, even if you have it in your hand, in terms of actually adopting and leveraging that technology. I mentioned briefly before, the way that we have learned the West Bay to do it is to create centers of excellence, embed it within academia, within the university, get it as part of the curriculum, and really try to find what is the incentive. There needs to be some incentive. There needs to be some incentive. Things about energy consumption and where my data is are issues, but really what is in it for me. What am I going to get out of using this, using such technology to support me as an innovator, as a small medium enterprise, et cetera. So, but it is a huge, huge challenge. I certainly don't have the answer to it. That's why we are teaming up with people like Google to help us. Do you mind if I take that spot? Absolutely. Yeah. This is one of those things you could spend a whole day talking about. Yes. It's a really large topic, but I think for me the key thing is there has to be a fair amount of education, informing staff of things. But one of the things I've found, like Summer said, you have some staff that are super excited, and they're beating your door down to jump and use AI. I think Gen AI made it real sexy, and they want to do it. And you have some people who are petrified. They know that it hallucinates. You have the bias risk. They know all the risks there is to it. And I think the key would be making sure that there is a clear value proposition for the different groups. It's not the same way you use AI across the organization. And it's probably not exactly the same platform you use everywhere. I'll go back to the scientists that we talked about. They have found value in being able to get, save, or recover some of their time spent in generating reports and converting it to something that's a lot more fun for them. Yeah. For a group like that, they obviously want to do some of their coding. And so that's a good area where I can help them, whether refactoring code or doing something. It makes me a little bit more comfortable because you can see some more mature code coming out of low or no code type solutions. They're just several little things, but it's going to be a different strategy for different parts of the organization. But it would involve, whatever the case, quite a bit of education. I love that. Kind of segmenting your workforce, figuring out what each group needs, and then educating them with the tool or the training, whatever it is that that specific population might need for adoption. That's great. Thank you all for the answers. I want to talk about the future and the future of innovation. What is next for each of your agencies? What are you most excited about? We talked about kind of the art of the possible. What might that look like? And what's next for your organization maybe in this year ahead? I'm going to start. So when we did the Algri Bloom case, I mentioned that we learned a lot of things. One of the important things was the correct questions to ask. We asked a generic question. It was good. Could you predict formation of Algri? But in doing that work and realizing that while it could help you with pre-positioning response strategies or something, it didn't help with operations. Because to make an operational decision, you need a little bit more than that. You need the location of Algri. You need to know if it's the benign type or if it's the harmful type. You need to know how it might move. You need to know the precursors for it. And we really realized that we had to couple the AI models based on satellite imagery with some of our physical and physically-based models, water quality and hydrodynamics, to really get the appropriate type of insight that we need. And so we're doing some work right now. It's a partnership funded by the Corps of Engineers. It's a partnership with, I think, the four universities, the districts part of it, and others, where we're taking some of what we've learned from that work and some of what they are doing, other groups are doing, and try to see if we can build physically-based models, couple that with AI, looking at an entire system, from the Calusachi estuary to the west, to Lake Okeechobee in the middle, all to the west of St. Lucie. And the idea is to look at how releases from Lake Okeechobee and operational decisions we make would affect the communities that live downstream of our release location. A lot of people in the estuaries who live in the estuarine areas could be significantly impacted. So that's an important area we're looking at. There are many other things. I'll be happy to talk to anybody in the hallways after this that we're looking at. But there are lots of exciting new projects that I think the district will be engaged in. Great. Thank you. Jason, I saw you. Yeah. I want to share. So when we see my title, Digital and Innovation, so this is really not so much about the digitalization, but the innovation side of what I'm doing. What is really, we have just, within the last few months we've launched an innovation program, which is primarily aimed towards supporting startups and innovators in deploying technology either that's been developed for that country or from another that can go in. And I'll give an example in a minute. And what's unique about it is, is that, and why I'm so excited because it's, it's, we're bringing innovation to the countries that we're supporting. We're bringing in corporate partners to help and support and help those innovators on best how to deploy, which is primarily technology. And how then ultimately to help them identify financing. I'll give you one example that we're working with at the moment. They won an innovation challenge last year. I didn't even know this existed. I don't know if everybody else, maybe I'm old school, but it's AI that can smell food loss. Oh. It's AI that smells food loss. Now imagine, most food is lost in the first mile, you know, the amount of loss is immense. So being able to work with innovators like that, bringing in some of the technology that we here get access to and support them and ultimately try and get them some financing. That's what's really exciting me right now at the moment is getting that innovation program off the ground. That is called scale X, by the way. I love that. Nothing to do with space. I love that. That's really good. Summer? I would say for us, because we are so early in our journey, I hope to see more of our projects go to prod this year. We do also have a lot of exciting projects that are in the works as far as things that have been mandated by the legislature. So one example of this is the Great Salt Lake Basin integrated plan. And part of that plan is to take, the technical part of the plan is to take all these different models that different entities have created throughout the basins in Utah and bring them together into one model. And that is no small feat. And so I'm actually really excited to me. Like I love crossword puzzles. I love, you know, word jumbles, all those. And I feel like bringing those together and finding a solution for that is a puzzle that's fascinating to me. So I'm really looking forward to diving into that. And I think another future thing for us, we're exploring some data centralization that is very needed with water data. I can't talk too much about it because it's like pre legislation stuff, but that I'm really excited about that. Awesome. Thank you. Those are good examples. We are close to ending our time. So I want to ask one final question, which is more about kind of lessons learned in your roles and your organizations. What is one of the biggest lessons you've learned along the way? And what do you wish you knew then that you actually know now? That's deep. It is very deep. I'll just do this one. Do something. I think for me it's just do something. Sometimes, especially with something new, you might overthink it, you might think it a lot. And while it's good to plan and to, you know, be well prepared before you go in, I think one of the things that I've found is that often in preparing to not get it wrong, you miss opportunities. And so there are many things you can learn, but one of them is just do something. Do the best you can and then learn from it and move on and do the next thing. Great. I will follow on from that. Do something, but don't be afraid to do it differently than you've done before. So when I talked about the Lytos solution, that's the first ever time that we took such an agile way to develop a solution. Before it was go out, get the money, do this, do that. It was a very long, drawn out process. We did this at absolute speed. But it was again, the motto was it must be solution orientated and demonstrate and demonstrate at speed, even if you fail a little bit along the way. That would be one of the biggest lessons which I learned and realized that we should repeat. Great. That's a great one. Summer? I would say we tend to associate the word failure as being negative, but I like the phrase fail faster. It kind of goes along with what you're saying. It's like run the experiment, jump in, because if you're waiting until you feel like you completely understand it, then it's going to be too late. So I think if I could tell my past self to dive into things more quickly and not rashly, you know, but to not be so hesitant to try things out and sort of explore new ways to do things. I think all of your lessons learned and kind of advice for the audience, I think in the audience, we have people that are at different levels or different adoption levels or their workforce is at different ways of how they're addressing AI. And so this is great advice to fail fast, learn quickly, dive in, don't be afraid to dive in, which are all great lessons learned that I think the audience can take away from this panel. I want to thank each of you. I know some of you, Jason, I think you traveled from a far away to come here and visit us. I came from Vienna, Austria. I did five cities in 24 hours. Thank you so much for being here. He probably doesn't know what time it is. I don't. It's Vegas. No one knows what time it is. That's true. Exactly. That's my motivation. Exactly. We have learned some incredible examples. I love the examples that you shared in your own organizations. The coffee, the algae bloom, just the things that you're experiencing in places that you're playing with Notebook LM, for example. And I love the ways that you all shared how you're leveraging GCP, BigQuery, Earth Engine, the different tools that are at your disposal. I want, Jason, did you have something else to? Okay. I wanted to first thank you. I also wanted to let everyone know that we do have the Google public sector hub that is out on the showroom floor. So if you get a chance, please go out and take a look at the ways that our customers are leveraging Google's full-stack approach to AI and really making a lot of these things very real and impactful for the ways that they're working in their everyday organization. Thank you so much, Summer, Jason, and Keen for joining us. And can the audience please join me in a warm round of applause for our panelists. Thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. Thank you.