 . Hi everyone, I'm Badr, I lead product management for WebRisk. And in today's session, we'll learn how to protect your users and brand against social engineering, phishing, and scams. Every year, billions of dollars are lost to criminal activity targeting organizations and citizens alike. These attacks create a lot of damage for these governments and organizations, leading to billions of dollars spent in order to prevent them. WebRisk comes in in order to help these organizations and governments to help themselves better protect their users. Number one, we provide threat intelligence that you can use through our lookup, evaluate, and update APIs so that you can better protect your platforms against potential spread of phishing, malware, and social engineering. Two, for larger brands that need tailored protection, we offer brand protection solutions with tailored AI models that are going to hunt proactively for you on the web to find attacks before they happen and create damage for your users and your organization. We also provide submission APIs for reactive protection when users report things that are targeting them directly. We also provide protection dashboards that are going to help you measure how well this AI agent is going and hunting for you on the web, as well as the efforts it has done on your behalf. In order to achieve some of these goals, we also provide four flexible APIs that help you and your teams leverage that threat intelligence. Number one, the lookup API allows you to quickly look up whether something is social engineering, malware, and unwanted software. These can be used to protect your platform from being used, for example, to spread these attacks. The update API achieves similar goals, however, is more tailored towards very large platforms that require bigger scale, privacy preserving, and low latency. The evaluate API gives you a more nuanced view of the world by giving you risk scores from safe all the way to very high risk, so that you can tailor your response to, for example, URLs being shared on your platform, etc. The submission API allows you to push your threat intelligence into our systems so that we can better help reactively protect your users and organizations. Since July last year, we also introduced our AI Brand Protection Tool. That allows large brands to tailor a specific AI model for their brand that's going to go and scan 10 billion URLs daily in order to find threats and hopefully mitigate them before it hits the user. This allows you to reduce losses due to fraud, to better operate more efficiently, and also help your analyst team to get more out of AI. All of which happens within sometimes minutes in order to provide protection to your users across 5 billion devices. We're also very excited to introduce some of these capabilities into Chrome Enterprise Premium to enable administrators to protect their organizations better against phishing attacks that may be targeting things like internal websites, SaaS products, private web apps, as well as network assets. We'll be introducing this later this year, and we're very excited to collaborate with the Chrome Enterprise Premium Team to become one of the better protection platforms against phishing. That's it for us. Thank you very much. If you want to learn more about WebRisk, feel free to head out to our Google Cloud website on WebRisk. Thank you. Thank you.