 Mark Ewing Hello, everyone. Welcome. I see folks trickling in, but we're going to go ahead and kick us off. So welcome to today's session on how to reduce costs and improve collaboration by moving to Google Meet and Google Chat. I'm Mark Ewing. I lead product for Google Meet Hardware and Google Voice, and I'm joined today by my colleague, Maddie. Hi, everyone. I'm Maddie Baer, and I'm the Senior Product Manager leading growth for Google Chat. Today, Mark and I will be joined on stage by customers who have adopted Google Chat and Meet for their organizations. We'll hear some success stories and lessons learned while moving to Chat and Meet. But first, let's take a quick look at why this change makes sense for so many customers. So Google Workspace is an all-in-one productivity hub. Everything your team needs is integrated into a single, seamless, intuitive platform. This makes the friction of switching between applications, which all of us do day in and day out, it makes that friction disappear. So moving to Chat and Meet has four main benefits for Workspace customers. First and foremost, savings with reduced cost and a single admin console for IT management. Second, security. Chat and Meet are both built on Google's global infrastructure with robust protection from our zero trust security model. And third, Chat and Meet are a powerful platform for collaboration, connected to all the integrated Workspace apps that your teams use all the time. And finally, Gemini. It brings the best of Google AI together into your favorite Workspace apps. And best of all, it comes included with Workspace business and enterprise subscriptions. So let's talk a little bit more about Meet. In case you've missed it, we've been busy launching over a hundred new customer-facing features and capabilities that help make meetings for our customers more productive. And there are four areas that we believe set Meet apart from our competitors. First, Meet is flexible. It's helpful. It's collaborative. And it also provides a safe and secure environment for our customers. And today, I'm going to be joined on stage by two of these customers who have been kind enough to lend us their time to talk about their company's experiences moving to Meet. So I'd love to welcome Derek from Vimeo and Angelica from Angie. Angelica? First off, can you tell us a little bit more about Angie? Yeah, absolutely. Angie's been helping people since 1995, leveraging 29 years of experience and in the home industry across its brands. Every second, customers turn to Angie to help with the home project, accessing over 500 different home services. Angie empowers professionals to grow their businesses by providing exclusive tools to manage and showcase their services, increasing their exposure to millions of homeowners. Angie empowers customers to grow their customers. So a big thing of our why we decided to move over is we were actually analyzing our high-level contracts. And we decided to move over as we were going to be saving over half a million dollars in licensing from Zoom into Google Meet. Awesome. Derek, can you tell us a bit more about Vimeo? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Happy to. Thanks. So Vimeo, we're actually in our 21st year at this point, which is quite a long time in internet business speak. We were the first platform to offer HD streaming online. And you can see some of our numbers here, like current volume of our customer base, monthly video views, et cetera. I think the main thing to know about Vimeo at this point really is that in the last five, six years, we've really transitioned into becoming more of an enterprise solution for bigger businesses. A lot of folks come to us really for security. That's a major feature, I think, that differentiates us in the market. Yeah, so that's been part of our journey over the last few years is really building a lot more tools. Obviously, like at the moment, AI is a big focus for improving enterprise experience. Translations is a big focus for us right now. Yeah, so that's a little brief glimpse into Vimeo. Yeah, and for us moving to Google Meet, we're relatively new customers. So it's been the last six months or so. But we were already workspace customers. So for us, really one of the main things was really the browser-based aspect. So not having to go and download an external or update like an external application and open it into separate window, make sure that works, et cetera. We found that we're a lot more efficient and productive because we're in the suite together with all the other tools. Yeah, and then finally, I think, you know, as the company, as folks get more acclimated to using those different products together like Slides, Gemini, et cetera within Meet, we're just speeding up. We're faster. We make decisions more quickly. So it's been really cool so far. We have over 19,000 Google Meet sessions just in the past six months. So we're quickly getting onboarded. I think it took a minute to get everyone on the same page. But yeah, that's where we are today. Awesome. All right. So let's go a little bit deeper into that, Derek. Can you expand a bit more into like what's the initial impetus for Vimeo moving to Meet? Yeah, for sure. I mean, I mentioned that experience that we all had, especially during the pandemic where you're on like three or four different platforms and you're signing into a meeting. Even within our own company, we had like rogue employees using other solutions even outside of the main partner we were using. And I think people just started to get frustrated, honestly, especially once we went back into the conference rooms. Like we just had a lot of issues where we'd have to call an IT person. And, you know, everyone knows those meetings where the first like five minutes of the meeting, you're just trying to figure out how to get in or share slides or so for us, it was really just like, can we just please bring this together? And I think that efficiency was felt pretty much right away. Yeah. And that was kind of the main impetus was just like, hey, there's a way to just make this all one thing. Yeah. Angelica, what about Angie? What was the starter point for y'all? Well, like I mentioned, it was a lot of cost savings. So we were spending over half a million dollars in contracts. And then also the opportunity, like Derek mentioned, it's one application seamless integration. It leverages a lot of IT administration a lot more than going into Zoom's platform. You can do everything in house with a Google workspace. Yeah, it does simplify things. So let's stay with you, Angelica. So what are the biggest benefits now that you are deep into the transition or almost finished? What have been the biggest benefits of now being on Meet? I would say the biggest benefit is honestly the one click ability, to be honest. But there's a lot more benefits. So a lot of coming from Zoom, as you know, there's a lot of options. So we were kind of battling a lot of teleprompting capabilities. So with Meet, we are able to leverage sharing a lot of content, annotating all of those things. And also being able to leverage our own in-house applications as well. So yeah. Yeah, it makes sense. What about Vimeo? Honestly, I think for Vimeo, I think it's almost cultural because as we've been using Meet more and more, I think initially there was, it takes a minute and people will grumble about switching to a new platform. But now that we're like in the daily habit of like using emoji reactions, for example, like it speeds things up. You know, if someone's like making a point, everyone's giving thumbs up. It's like, great, let's move on to the next thing. For us, like the sidebar of the chat experience is really like we're having two things happening at the same time, where there are questions being answered in the chat while we're having the meeting. And I think we're just faster because of that. Like people are connecting and like deciding to have another meeting later in the chat while we're addressing like bigger issues in the main conversation. So I think our company has like internalized the tool in a way that people are more experimenting more with it. But just like I like the emoji reaction thing. And I think Gemini is becoming a much more, you know, included part of that equation where we're using that summarizing the meeting notes, saving everyone time. So it takes a minute for employees to kind of get into it. But I've noticed that as we collectively as an organization, like got more comfortable with the tool, we're just finding our own shortcuts with it. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, you said some things that, you know, as a product manager on Workspace is great to hear. We hope it's true. But it sounds like things are simpler. We really have a strong commitment to ease of use. We want it to be easy. We want it to be simple. Otherwise, people just won't use it. And the cultural aspect is really interesting. Maybe that dovetails, Derek, into another question here. So what learnings can you share with the audience who might have people amongst us who are considering making this move themselves? I mean, I would observe that in general, at least in our company, probably most companies, people oftentimes hate new things if they're used to doing something a certain way. Right. And I've had, you know, people come into your organization from another company, and they were using a different platform, you know, and for the first like few weeks, they might, they might be a little frustrated or kind of there's something they liked about that other platform. But I actually think once they start seeing the benefits, especially with Workspace, how, you know, it all ties together, it's all one system, like, it clicks, you know, you're like, oh, okay, I get it. I understand why I don't want to go and open this separate thing. I think, you know, we all know that frustration of like, you launch a meeting, and then you wait, you know, and you're like, oh, no, this is really important. I need to get into this right away. Having it in browser, and the fact I don't have to go and find some other separate software or worry about that, like, I mean, people really appreciate it once they understand it, I think. So, yeah, that's great. And, and Angelica, what, what can you share? Are there any key learnings that you take away? Absolutely. We were, like I mentioned, we were probably fighting over 146 departments. So, transitioning was not as seamless as we thought. But definitely something that I can leverage here is the PWA app is something that is absolutely a great tool to leverage whenever you're working on. Just because it kind of does give that standout capability as well, rather than staying within the browser. So, it's something we definitely leveraged in the migration. And then the other things that we kind of also kept in mind was what kind of seamless capabilities can we also provide? Integrating Gemini, taking meeting notes and all those things, and kind of leveraging those tools as well that were already native and in the app. Yeah, that's great. And, and I want to stay with you for a second, because I want to ask about Angie's hardware transition. How did that look for your organization? Actually, it's been a little bit of a slow rollout. We have converted about 26 rooms out of 86. And we originally started with the Logitech Rally Bar. And now we've integrated the Logitech Tap Bar, which allows more seamless collaboration, more integration with the presentation, zooming in and those kind of capabilities. Yeah, that's great. And it's also, I mean, it's, it's something that we love to hear that you were able to just reuse that hardware instead of having to go and purchase new, install it in new conference rooms. We know that that is a huge monetary and operational headache. And Derek, Vimeo has something kind of unique with Meet. You know, you have this really cool app integration. And I'd love for you to tell the audience a bit more about that. Yeah, we do. We're really excited. This is going to be launching later this year. But we're thrilled that for enterprise customers, like there will be a direct integration with Vimeo, which means that essentially all of your meetings can be archived directly to your Vimeo account. And for us as a, as we see enterprise organizations really building up this like knowledge database of video that is becoming easier to search through and pull AI videos from, we think this is going to be a really big deal for enterprises that want all their videos in one place, like all that meeting, all the knowledge from all those meetings over time, like in the future, we're going to need to untap that, right? Like you have a new employee that's onboarding, and that person can go through and see clips from the last four years of someone kicking off a similar project that they're trying to launch. Like it's a door opener. And I think we're really excited to be doing this. You can look at, yeah, you can scan this QR code or also just go to vimeo.com slash integrations to learn more about that tool. But we're super excited to launch that. So when you told me about this, this is just such a great use of the Meet APIs. It's great that you were able to leverage it. Okay, let's close with a lightning round of questions. Now I haven't prepared either of these two for these questions. So we'll see how it goes. What's your favorite Meet feature? We'll start with you, Derek. My favorite Meet feature is going to be emoji reactions, like hitting the heart emoji and people just like get excited. It's cool. All right, Angelica. Definitely the Gemini feature would take notes for sure because I'm a squirrel at ADHD. Me too. Okay. If you had a magic wand, you could get any feature on your wish list for Meet. What would it be, Angelica? The sharing sound capability. Yeah, that's a tough one. But yes. And Derek? I mean, mine is definitely the ability to create reply threads in the chat so that we can have like a little conversation within the bigger conversation. That would be amazing. Okay, I will file that one away. Please, please make it happen. All right. And this is appropriate that I start with you. What's your favorite emoji? I mean, I like them all. I think the heart is good. I also like the... I don't know. What do you call that one? Just like the shocked face? Yeah, I mean, it can be used in multiple contexts. It's so fun. Like I go to that one a lot. It's great. All right. What emoji do you wish we had? There's a woozy, like, you know, you're like, I can't remember what that one's called, but it's like, he's kind of like, someone hit him over the head and it's like rosy and his smile is like crooked. Whatever that one is, I love that one. Yeah. And Angelica, same two for you. Favorite emoji and the one you wish we had? Obviously, a unicorn would be my favorite emoji. But if I had to pick one that I wish would stay present would be the crab emoji, of course. Oh, we hear about that one. We hear about that one. Okay. Last question. What is, Angelica, what is the weirdest place you've ever taken a meet call? I don't know if this is a good thing to say out loud, but a tanning booth? Wow. Derek? Respect. Wow. Probably like my nine year old plays hockey. And I have been like in the locker room getting her ready for hockey and hoping I didn't have to turn the video on a couple times. That would have been pretty hard to pull off. Yeah, probably that one. Well, it's just a testament. With meet, collaboration can happen anywhere. All right. So, I just want to say thank you so much. Can we have a round of applause for Angelica and Derek? Thank you. Thank you. And I'll pass. And I'll pass to Maddie to talk a little bit more about chat. Thanks, Mark. So, let's talk a little bit about what sets Google Chat apart. First, chat is intelligent, using the best of Google AI to transform the way that teams stay connected. Second, chat is collaborative with great features for business messaging and teamwork. Third, chat is connected to the workspace apps that you rely on in ways that simplify your day and help to make your teams even more productive. And finally, chat is secure, protected by Google's zero trust security model. For all of these reasons, customers using workspace love Google Chat. And we're lucky today to have two of these customers joining us on stage. Now, it's my pleasure to welcome Andres from Latam Airlines and Anto from MercadoLibre, two customers who have recently adopted chat for their companies and seen some pretty remarkable results. Andres and Anto, welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Andres, let's start with you. Can you tell us a little bit about Latam Airlines and your experience with Google Workspace? Yeah, for sure. Thank you, mate, for this presentation. Thank you for being here. So, Latam has been working with Google in partnership since 2017, layering Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform. And today, I'm excited here to show you how Google Chat is transforming all of the our operational communication in Latam Airlines. But before that, let me start to tell you a little bit Latam Airlines. Latam Airlines is the leading airline Latin America group in the region. We got a fleet of more than 300 aircraft, and we operate 1,500 daily flights. We reached around 150 destinations, what makes Latam the best way to connect Latin America with the world. Last year, we achieved two great goals, transporting 82 million passengers, and we were ranking in the top five on time performance aircraft group. But it is not easy. You know? Probably most of us have been arriving here by an airplane, and it's probably that we only see the airport team and the cabin crew team. But behind every flight, there are more than nine operational teams working together to get a safe and on a time flight. A fit that requires incredible coordination and precision from the teams. Wow. Incredible is right. The scope of your operations every day is kind of mind blowing. There must be a tremendous amount of detail and complexity that you're having to manage at your company. Yeah, definitely, mate. And that's the problem we were trying to solve. Before Google Chat, we detected in disruption scenarios, we got a sequential communication process. It means that any team needs to alert the operational center control who then relates the information for the other teams. Okay? And additionally, we detected that we use multiple communication channels. Some things were using Gmail, some things were using Google Chat, some things were using calling, spreadsheets, and even a different chat applications. So we got sequential communication process and multiple communication channels, what creates complex and lengthy coordination for these things. We lack a real-time coordination application, and it takes from five to ten minutes to get all operational teams informed about the decision making. We want to come with a new way to connect all these operational teams in one unified platform. We got real-time information with the person in chair of the flight, and we can get better coordination. Totally makes sense. Five minutes is a lot of coordination time, especially when you're counting on flights to take off on schedule. So I'm curious, how did Chat help you meet this challenge? Yeah, five minutes count for an airline, and for LATAM, every minute counts. So we say, okay, what can we do? We were checking some industry airline systems, but our workspace team say, okay, we got a new idea. Why don't you use Google Chat? We got a new chat. So we said, okay, we got a new chat. So we got on board with that. We created a pilot program last year with our white body operation in Chile, where the function was to create a flight chat 90 minutes before each flight. And it will bring the personnel relevant to the flight. It means who is the captain, who is the cabin crew, who is in the airport team, in the catering team, all operational teams connected. The core function was to alert a possible issue or warning before the scheduled time of departure. We used chat APIs, and it was integrated with our several operational systems. And after some days that we launched the pilot, the results were significant. Team coordination become more efficient, and we unify all operational communication in one single platform. This is so exciting. I'm curious what's next. Is this going to continue as a pilot program, pun intended? Or will this become more standard operation at some point? Okay. Pilot is finished. Now it's a standard solution, and we have deployed in our white body operation in Chile and Peru. And in fact, the image that you are seeing there is a Peruvian cabin crew member reporting a maintenance issue and a delay in the cleaning process. Now we are preparing to start in Brazil in our white body fleet in the coming months. Wow. This is super exciting. As a product manager, it's very cool to see our product in action behind the scenes of an aircraft. So taking a step back, looking at what you've achieved, how would you describe the transformation? Yeah, we're definitely transforming our operational communication. I would say four key achievements. First, we optimize, we unify all operational communications in one single platform. It was great. Then we simplify. We get real-time information. We know who is the person in charge of the flight. We reduce communication triangulation. And additionally, we are using Google Chat for several years, so we minimize the chain management. We are in Ireland, and we get different operational systems, aircraft system, crew system, weather system. So we didn't want to come with a new system. And Google Chat helped us to do that, to minimize the chain management. So we optimize, we simplify, and then we create impact. Why? Because we are seeing that we are minimizing the delays and cancellations in our operation. And just to illustrate that, we have created more than 10,000 flight chats have been created automatically since last year. It's a lot. And then we got quality because all this information that is for each flight chat in Google Chat is stored in our Google Cloud Platform. So it helped us to drive operational excellence. Now we are exploring to use AI to get all this information, and to get better procedures, and to get better operations, and also to check about the performance team. Thank you so much for sharing this overview. Before we close out, I'm curious, are there any lessons or insights from this experience that you'd like to share with our audience today who might be facing similar challenges? Yeah, definitely. So I would say that Latang has an internal purpose that is elevate every single journey for our customers and for our operational teams. And Google Chat is helping to do it. Okay? And then, I would say that Google Chat is very powerful, so you can connect with several operational integrations or APIs. There is no limit. And also, I would say that if you are not sure about something, if you've got doubts, ask your Google team. They will really help out all your doubts and other problems. Okay? Excellent. Thank you so much, Andres. I can't wait to hopefully take a Latam Airlines flight one day, knowing that chat is helping to connect the dots behind the scenes. Now, let's hear from another amazing company based in the Latam region, MercadoLibre. Anto, welcome. Thank you, Maddy. It's great to be here. So, Mercado is a well-known brand to anyone from Latin America, but for folks here who may not be as familiar, can you tell us a little bit more about your company and how you use Workspace? Sure. MercadoLibre is the number one e-commerce platform in Latin America. But we are not just an online marketplace. We are a comprehensive ecosystem that includes logistics and financial services. After only 25 years of history, we moved from five friends in a garage to a company that today has more than 100 million active users across 18 countries and almost 90,000 employees. We have a very unique culture that we think is one of our competitive advantages and great entrepreneur DNA, you know, that pushes us to always pursue excellence, embrace disruption, and add value to honor our purpose. That is, transform the lives of millions of people in Latin America. These numbers are quite impressive. I'm curious if you can tell us a little bit, as a company for MercadoLibre, what was really the challenge that you were looking to solve with chat? Right. Yes. Well, our main challenge was to evolve the way we communicate within MercadoLibre. We know when we talk about internal communication, we think that there are like different waves. The first one was the internet. The second wave was this corporate social media platform. And then we think that we are entering in a third wave where conversational platforms are now emerging. And we think that it's a very interesting concept and it becomes like part of our internal communication model. Previously, as you see, we used MetaWorkplace as our main challenge. Challenge, the channel, sorry. And, well, we, after a while, we saw that the product wasn't evolving as fast as we needed. So we thought it was time for change. And, well, the MetaWorkplace announcement just accelerated that process. So we needed to rethink the way we manage communication, collaboration, our bot architecture, our knowledge management strategy, our instant messaging tool to another tool. And here's where Google Chat becomes the core of our solution. Totally makes sense. So I'm curious for the audience here, can you tell us a little bit about how you decided on chat to really make this transformation happen? Sure. There were like four main reasons. The first one was efficiency. We shut down MetaWorkplace and we didn't buy another tool, a new tool. The second one was the speed of the product evolution. The Google team was from the very beginning, very open to make adjustments to the tool. And also, and always at chat, it's very easy to make integrations and custom features using APIs. But the most important is that chat is part of workspace, right? And as you said, chat seamlessly integrates into our daily work, boosting productivity. So we think that is like a game changer, you know? We are not restricted anymore to communicating in one stand-alone communication tool that we can like deliver an omni-channel strategy with more impact and with better timing. So, last but not least, all the AI power features open us an ocean of new possibilities to continue developing the product and make it better. Right? We love to hear this. Thank you so much. So, now that we understand the challenge and why chat, we'd love to hear more about the solution. Well, we make like a unique ecosystem integrating communication and collaboration into our daily work, as I said, with Google Chat in its core. And around it, different custom features that complete the experience. These custom features, we develop these custom features with a Google team. For example, the custom sections that we're going to see. But also with other partners, as Kentrop and RunLive, that are here with us today, too. And finally, we made like some in-house custom features as our internal homepage and our wikis hat, for example. But if you want, I can stop talking and jump directly into the demo and see how it looks. The experience begins on our internal homepage in Chrome. This is the first page every employee sees when opening a new tab. It highlights essential official communications from Google Chat, upcoming meetings, recent documents, most used tools, and the most requested wikis or courses. In Google Chat, we prioritize the organization and impact of the key news we need to deliver for effective internal communication. We developed custom sections that organize communication into segmented official spaces. We created a custom section called Communications, where employees can find a company-wide space, a space for all our leaders, BU, country, and site spaces, a bot with personalized notifications. In bots, we automated more than 40 task processes and more than 100 support channels, significantly simplifying the experience of all our employees. Spaces to collaborate on projects, plans, or specific topics. BrandLive is our tool for creating a hub of high-impact videos and live streams. Our wiki is a 100% in-house development designed for our unique knowledge management needs. We really love this video. I think it really brings the solution to life in such a powerful way. Thank you so much. Before we close out, what's the latest status on the deployment for MercadoLibre? Well, in October, we launched a pilot with 6,000 employees. And in January, we rolled out the solution for the whole company with great results, as you can see. But I think that our biggest achievement was that we are not using chat as just an instant messaging tool, you know. Now we are using it as an internal communication tool. And we are really excited to continue working with you guys to, you know, continue evolving the tool. And most of all, continue using all the potentials, Jenny and I, to continue development chat as a tool. So we are very confident that, as we said in MercadoLibre, the best is yet to come. Excellent. Thank you so much. It's amazing to see how you've adopted chat at MercadoLibre. And for all of you in the audience, we hope that these stories inspire you because chat and Meet are built for you. We invite you to really partner with us. So with that, thank you so much to all of our customers. And now we're going to shift gears for a bit to talk about how to get started with migrating to chat and Meet. First, Marc will talk about Meet. All right. Thanks. Okay. So we know when you're migrating to Meet from another platform, this is a complex process. As some of our customers mentioned, like, it's a cultural change process. And, you know, we want to let you know that we've got a very vibrant partner ecosystem to help simplify the process for everyone. First, we have a comprehensive hardware portfolio that touches on both the Chrome OS and Android platforms. And many of these partners are in the audience here today. So thanks for attending. We also support webinars and very large events. Meet supports up to 100,000 person events. But we've also partnered with BrandLive to hit on up to 1 million person events. And we also are excited about our partners, Figma, Lucid, and Miro, who are industry leaders in visual collaboration as partners that are integrated deeply within Meet. And finally, we've worked with 66 Degrees to develop a Meet adoption toolkit that everyone can access and learn from. And just to touch on our hardware a little bit more. So our mantra in our hardware is offering customer flexibility and choice. One of the ways that we're doing that is a continued commitment to the Android platform. And I've got some exciting news to share there in just a minute. But first, you know, I want to touch on AI. Gemini in the conference room. We launched Take Notes for Me last year, which has been a very popular feature with our customers. And it's there for you in the conference room. Companion mode is a way to access Take Notes for Me and Meet AI features directly from the conference room, compatible with all of our hardware. Now, on to some exciting news on the Android platform. I mentioned we have a continued commitment to the Android platform. And that's why I'm very, very excited to announce our new partnership with Neat. We're working to deliver Meet-certified, Neat Android devices later this year. Neat and Meet are a great fit because of our shared commitment to simple, easy-to-use products. And Neat customers who are considering making a move to Meet, instead of doing very costly hardware replacements, you can simply acquire a Google Meet hardware license and reconfigure your Neat devices over to Meet and you're done. And one other announcement that I'm very excited about is an expansion of our already existing partnership with Pexip to include dialing out from Meet devices to hardware from other platforms. Now, we already support dial-in to Meet hardware devices from other conferencing platform devices. But this really completes the full interoperability experience. So you can make and receive calls from platforms like Teams and Zoom or others right from your Meet hardware. Now, Pexip dial-out will be coming later this year as well. Awesome. So we'll shift gears a little bit to talk about chat. First off, we know that many customers are relying on third-party apps to get work done. And these apps are really important when you're thinking about migrating. I'm excited to share that we have some new additions, including ServiceNow and Figma coming to chat later this year, along with HubSpot, 1Password, Lucid, and Miro. And in addition, we're looking forward to some updated versions of the Poly, GitHub, and Jira apps later this year. Next, we want to make it really easy for customers to bring existing data into Google Chat. So we support a range of options from self-managed migration using the workspace admin console to customize partner migration, or sorry, excuse me, to customize migration with tools that are developed in-house. You can leverage chat APIs. Then to partner-supported migrations with really hands-on end-to-end support. These include migration partners such as CloudFuse, Cloudyway, and CloudM, who can provide all the support that you need for larger or more complex migrations. And we know that some customers like to have cross-platform interoperability with platforms like Microsoft Teams and Slack. Mio provides this capability for many chat customers today. And finally, we have consulting partners who can really provide support to smooth the transition for your organization during migration, including SADA, 66 Degrees, Accenture, and Google Cloud Consulting. And our ecosystem continues to grow. So today, I'm very excited to announce that we are adding a new interoperability platform called Nextplane. Nextplane will provide message interop between chat and Microsoft Teams, and their service is generally available starting today. So they've been in private beta, and as you can see here with the quote on stage, customers are already very happy with the results delivered. You can visit nextplane.net to learn more. All right, and I've got to get a plug-in for Google Cloud Consulting. Google Cloud Consulting and partners provide a wide range of learning and professional services and technical account management to meet customer goals and ensure successful digital transformation. You can reach out to them through your Google Sales representative.