 Hi, I'm Bharat Sivaraman, Senior Product Manager at Google Cloud, and I'm here today to talk to you about how you can use Security Command Center and the Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management Solution in Security Command Center to proactively manage identity risk. As a cloud security professional, one of the key security principles that you must implement to proactively manage your organization's security risk is the principle of least privilege. Now, not following a least privileges approach to managing how users and identities are assigned cloud privileges exposes your organization to a key attack vector that malicious actors will try and exploit to gain access to your critical infrastructure and data. However, managing this is becoming increasingly challenging in practice due to the complexity of managing various entitlement systems. Multi-cloud is a reality today for most customers, and each cloud provider has its own way of managing entitlements. Add to this the proliferation of non-human identities and with that the number of additional entitlements that it creates, having to manage multiple identity providers, etc. All of these challenges make it really hard for security teams to get comprehensive visibility into how identities are being used and the risks stemming from improper entitlement management. So, how can you implement a least privileges approach in this increasingly complex IAM landscape? This is why we build cloud infrastructure entitlement management in Google Cloud's Security Command Center offering. Cloud Infrastructure Entitlement Management or KIM helps you with gaining comprehensive visibility into all of the identities and all of the privileges that they have on your cloud infrastructure, applications, and data. We provide you also with risk insights for vulnerabilities stemming from improper permissions management by looking at what permissions are granted to various identities versus what permissions are being used. And finally, it helps you understand the severity of each of these risks based on the span of expansive permissions that are provided and helps you prioritize the most important risks that you need to address. In terms of capabilities, the KIM capability already provides you, like I mentioned, provides you insights on useful versus excessive permissions and helps you understand this by arranging them into severity buckets. We also give you recommendations on how exactly you can remediate each of these vulnerabilities and KIM is now supported for Google Cloud as well as for Amazon Web Services and we're now launching this in preview also for Microsoft Azure. So let's see how all of this works by looking at a demo and see KIM in Azure. So I start out at the Google Cloud console by coming to the Security Command Center homepage. I go over to the overview page where I'll find a summary view of all of my findings. I can then scroll down into the Identity and Access Findings card and look at all of the KIM findings here. As you can see, I have findings for both Google Cloud as well as Azure and these findings are organized by the category of finding and severity. When I click into one of these findings, it takes me to a view that's filtered based on the category of that finding. I can then change these filters either using the left navigation menu or modifying the query directly, but I'm just going to stick with what I have and dive a little deeper into one of these findings. So as you can see, this finding is telling me that there is one user that has unused privileges and is likely over-entitled because there are excessive permissions that this user is not currently using. Now, that is in all likelihood vulnerability that's violating the principle of least privileges and you want to remediate this. The way to do that would be to create a new Azure role definition that includes precisely the set of privileges that this user is using and then replace the current entitlement or role assignment with the new role that you've created. And this is what you see when you scroll down to see the recommendations. To find out exactly what privileges are being used by this user based on the last 90 days of activity logs, I can go over to the JSON tab and you'll find here all of the information that you need to create that new custom role which is scoped down to just the set of permissions that this user needs. Now, when this issue is resolved, this finding will automatically move away but you also have the ability to manually deactivate this finding or express new tools when you want such findings to not show up at all. So that was Kim for Azure and Action and you'll be able to do the same and get similar set of insights for both Google Cloud as well as Amazon Web Services. I hope you found this information useful. Thank you for watching.