 So I'm a product manager on Google Cloud, and today I'll be joined up here on stage with Aaron Purcell, who is a managing director at KPMG, and Phil Rivard, who is a group product manager working on Google Chrome Enterprise. We have a packed 45 minutes today. So we'll start with grounding ourselves in some trends that we've been noticing within the enterprise, followed with how Notebook LM for Enterprise and Google Age and Space can help your users embrace their enterprise expertise. We'll then have Aaron come up here on stage and share some insights on KPMG's perspective with using Notebook LM, and then Phil will show us how all these things can come together to your users within Chrome browser. So let's get started. Gen.AI truly changed everything and captured the world's imagination. And since then, most every tech executive has had the mandate to incorporate and leverage Gen.AI somehow in their organization. But as we step into 2025, these conversations have shifted from Gen.AI vision to Gen.AI results, and needing to show and drive meaningful business impact across their organization through the use of AI. And a lot of this big focus this year will be around boosting employee productivity and grasping user creativity. But when we talk to customers, we're seeing that this is easier said than done. To begin with, enterprise data is scattered across multiple applications. Enterprise workflows are quite complex since they normally spread different applications and need multiple roles. Existing agents and assistants have not always been grounded in enterprise data, nor have they focused on employee workflows. And for many of them, things like enterprise readiness and compliance were not top of mind. So with the help of notebook LM for enterprise, Google agent space, and Chrome enterprise browser, Google is able to provide a cohesive, integrated experience for your end employees. Our product suite lets you bring all of your scattered data into one place so that you can quickly search, generate content, and enable agentic workflows. And so today we're going to dive into each of these pieces a bit more. We'll go ahead and get started with Google agent space. So enterprises can fundamentally change the way their workforce drives positive business outcomes by interacting with agents. Google agent space brings together Gemini's advanced reasoning, Google quality search, and AI agents. Agent space is connected to a variety of different applications. And so once all of your enterprise data is in one place, agent space helps facilitate searching and finding information, understanding the data, and then automating your workflows with the help of AI agents. It also incorporates many of the new innovations that are coming out of Google, one of which is notebook LM for enterprise. So notebook LM is a consumer product that went viral due to its ability to create hyper realistic sounding audio podcasts. And upon its release, many enterprise users started to use it for their day to day workflow. And soon after we had enterprise customers come and ask us, but can you please build an enterprise grade version of this? And so we took that feedback and built notebook LM for enterprise, which is actually built within GCP. So it provides your users the consumer experience, but it comes with all the cloud guarantees like security and compliance. Notebook LM is also part of the agent space product operating. So you can use notebook LM for enterprise as a standalone product, or you can also use it within agent space. And I'll get into more detail in just a couple of slides. For those of you that are unfamiliar, notebook LM is really easy to use. You start by creating what's called a notebook. And then you just drag and drop a bunch of files in. And within seconds, you can start chatting with your content. You can also generate an audio podcast with just one click. Over the last couple of months, we've been getting a lot of feedback from our enterprise customers on how they've been using notebook LM for enterprise within their organization. We're finding that it's really great for corporate strategy teams because they can get industry insights by putting in analyst reports into a notebook. For our sales teams, I found this really useful because they now can create dedicated notebooks for each product. And that notebook can have product roadmap information and pricing information. And this becomes a single place for all sellers to ask questions. It's also really great for parsing through dense documents. So if you have regulatory documents or legal documentation or anything in compliance, you can start distilling a lot of that information by putting it in a notebook and asking questions. And then, of course, it leads to a productive commute because with one click, I can create a podcast. And now I can listen to all that information while I'm on the go. But today, I really wanted to highlight how notebook LM for enterprise is ready for your organization. The first thing is highly compliant. So today, I'm happy to say that we are compliant across many different standards, including SEC4, CMEK, and HIPAA. And the enterprise version will always be at parity to the consumer offering. So as new capabilities are released in notebook LM consumer, we will start bringing those capabilities over to the enterprise version. You can expect a couple of weeks delay because we need to make sure that we continue to provide these capabilities in a compliant manner across these standards. We've also made it easy for your end users to access their notebooks. We are integrating notebook LM with your existing identity provider so your users can continue using their corporate credentials to log in. We do not require a new or dedicated account for notebook LM for enterprise. They support Google identity as well as other providers such as EntraID and Okta. And browser SSO is also supported. So if your users are already signed into the browser, they don't need to do anything extra to access their notebooks. And because notebook LM for enterprise is built within GCP, it functions like any other cloud service. So things like managing access or facilitating sharing are all done through cloud IAM roles. And these are just a handful of roles that we have available. But they can be used for managing things like view only access or editor access or people that are administrators versus just users. And you also get to choose which region you want to deploy notebook LM in, whether that is US region, global, or EU. Oh. There we go. But since notebook LM for enterprise is part of the agent space product suite, it can also benefit from data connectors. So as I mentioned earlier, agent space is designed to bring all of your enterprise data together in one place. So if you can search across it in agent space and you can summarize on top of it, you can also add it to a notebook. So notebook LM for enterprise now allows you to create notebooks and generate audio podcasts with data that is stored across all of your various SaaS applications. And this is a point I want to drill into a little bit more. So what this means is I can create a notebook and it can contain Confluence pages, SharePoint sites. It can contain ServiceNow knowledge base articles or JIRA tickets. And then with one click, I can create an audio podcast that summarizes all of this information. If you are an agent space customer, we've also embedded notebook LM directly into the agent space experience. So now your end users can access their agents and their notebooks all from a single place. And we treat notebook LM just like we treat any other application. So you can search for notebooks. And notebooks also appear as auto complete content recommendations based on the query where appropriate. Before we move on to the demo, there is one quick thing I wanted to call out, which is we've also heard from customers that they want the ability to create podcasts programmatically, whether that's to distribute this podcast internally or publish it on your website for your end consumers to use. And so today I'm happy to announce that we have a podcast generation API now available in preview. It's very easy to use. You just provide it the data, configure some settings, and then it outputs an audio file for you that you can use however you'd like. And because this is in preview and if you're looking to get access, please reach out to your account team and they can help facilitate getting you access. So with that, let's move on to a quick demo. All right. So here we have the notebook LM for enterprise homepage. And here I'll be able to see the notebooks that I have created and the ones that have been shared with me. So let's go ahead and dive deeper into the benefits handbook. And here I'll notice there's a variety of different sources that have been added to this notebook. So I have a word document. I have some markdown files. I have a PDF. There's also a text file. And if I wanted to add more information, I really easily can do that by just clicking add source. And then I just drag and drop files directly into this notebook. We also provide the ability to pull directly from Google Drive or you can put in links to a public website or a YouTube video. But once I add in sources, within seconds, I'll have enabled this chat functionality where I can start talking to my content. So in this case, this is a benefits handbook. It has benefits related information. I might start by asking what healthcare plans are available. And so it gives me an answer right away along with these numbers. This is actually in my citations. So if I click on one of them, it takes me to the document that was used. But then goes one step further by highlighting that portion of the document that was used to generate the response. And I can continue on by asking further, you know, rewrite in a table. You'll notice I did not say anything about healthcare plans. That context is maintained in this conversational experience. And notebook.lm very quickly once again generated this table for me. So in this way, it can continue prompting further. Notebook.lm also creates other artifacts for you. So based on all this data that I've included in my notebook, I can with one click create an FAQ document. Or I can also create a briefing guide. Let's see. So here we go. We have the FAQ document. And again, it literally just took me one click, very easily generated this for me based on the content I have added to this notebook. But as I mentioned earlier, the really innovative part of notebook.lm is its ability to generate hyper-realistic sounding audio podcasts. I'm going to go ahead and enter interactive mode. And so this allows me to not only listen to the podcast, but also ask a question live, just as if I was calling into a radio station. Let's take a look. All right. So today we're going to take a deep dive into something that everybody thinks about, but nobody ever really wants to talk about employee benefits. The fine print. Yeah, the fine print. And specifically what NuraVB offers. Oh, wait. Someone wants to join. Hey, go for it. What's the 401k match policy? Ah, great question. You're thinking about retirement already. Absolutely. That's one of the big things everyone wants to know about. Well, according to the 401k match.docs we have here, NuraVB has a pretty interesting structure. Okay. Let's unpack this. They offer a 100% match on the first 3% of your salary that you contribute. Wow. A full match. Exactly. We'll do a 50% match on the next 2% you put in. Oh yeah. Let's hear it. Are braces covered in the dental policy? That's a really specific question. Let's take a look at our dental plan documents here. Yeah. Let's see what the basic dental plan.pdf says about orthodontia. Okay. Under covered services by category and then looking at orthodontia. Ah, here it is. It clearly states not covered, not covered, NA. So unfortunately it looks like braces aren't covered. So in this way I don't even have to type anymore to start asking questions on my data. I can just use this interactive mode and start asking the podcast hosts if I have any questions. So this entire time I've actually been using notebook.lm for enterprise that's embedded within Google agent space. If I click notebook.lm here it will take me back to that front page where I see my notebooks. And again with one click I'll hit the Google agent space home page where I can now start asking other questions. So let's say I actually wanted to learn more about my salesforce opportunities. I can start by asking, you know, top salesforce opportunities. And here agent space will give me a response. It provides a summary, generates a table, and I also get inline citations. If we shift our focus to the search results though, we'll see a lot of salesforce records as we were expecting. And if I wanted to see if there was a notebook available for something like this, I can use the filters and filter to notebook.lm. And now I'll see the notebooks that are available to me as search results. If we go back to the top results, I see next to all of these records, this button here on the side, add to notebook. And so what this lets me do is add these search results to my notebooks, whether that's creating a new one on the fly or adding to an existing one. And so in this way, as I move through my agent space journey and discover new content and find new documents, I can very quickly start adding these sources to my notebook. And so soon I'll have, you know, very rich notebooks created with blended data across all of my sources. And once again, with that single click, I can create an audio podcast and start asking it questions in interactive mode. But before we move on, I wanted to also highlight just how easy it is to deploy notebook.lm within your organization. So here I've moved over to Google Cloud console. And I'm going to start by searching notebook.lm for enterprise. And here we have the admin page. You'll notice it's quite simple. And that's because it's really easy to get started. So first you start by selecting the region that you want to deploy notebook.lm in. Again, as I mentioned earlier, we support US, EU, and global. You then pick the identity provider. So we support Google identity as well as any of the third party ones. Next you just need to manage IAM. And so this is where you can make sure that your users have the proper roles to either administer notebook.lm or just be a user and access their notebooks. And then that's really it. You'll get a unique URL for your deployment that can be spread across your organization to allow your users to access their notebooks. And so if I were to click that link, it takes me back to that standalone notebook.lm for enterprise URL. And you can see these are the notebooks that I had earlier. And the benefits handbook was the one that we were taking a look at. So this whole experience is actually public GA. So no need for allow lists or anything like that. Everything that you saw today and just how easy it is to deploy notebook.lm is accessible to you in cloud console. So I really recommend that next sequence everyone's back. Go ahead and check it out for yourselves. But that's enough from me. At this point, I'd love to welcome Aaron up on stage to share some insights on KPMG's perspective on using notebook.lm. Thank you, Rohini. Appreciate that. So good evening, good afternoon. If you guys have your watches on, you just got notified it's time to party from the Google Next team. So let's get through our journey with notebook.lm. We looked at notebook.lm in a way with which how do you use it in the enterprise? As Rohini talked about, it has some fantastic features, but ultimately where can you use it in the enterprise space? So the first thing we did is we have a really talented enablement and adoption team and they really went out and looked from a knowledge worker perspective, how can we use notebook.lm? And we identified about five areas as you can see here, looking at things like when we bring a partner or an employee onto an engagement, how do we get them up to speed quickly? How can we use notebook.lm to put the engagement information into notebook.lm, the different ways with which they can get information presented to them, and even the great podcast format, a way with which they can talk to the information so they can get up to speed. We also looked at it from a learning and development perspective. Obviously, this is a place where you can see great benefit from being able to put content in there, being able to learn about topics, materials, et cetera, being able to use it for research, and even being able to use it from a go-to-market perspective. Creating new ways with which to broadcast your message, particularly the podcast element. So these were really things we looked at. We had 100 users go through this for several weeks and really try to understand, is there value from an enterprise perspective in using notebook.lm? And the outcomes were pretty self-explanatory. The response was yes. Everyone thought this was a fantastic way with which to use this capability. Some key components of what we saw. Number one is it was overwhelmingly positive. People found that it was very helpful, very insightful. And then obviously you wanted to quantify that. So part of what the quantification was, saving somewhere between one to five hours in things we do today. So this was really a key outcome for us is, while it was great, while people loved the interaction model, while people thought it was fantastic to use, but what did it mean to us from a business perspective? So being able to accelerate our onboarding time for engagements, being able to learn things faster, being able to do output in a new and creative way. This was really a key outcome for us from a business perspective. The other thing that we really found that was really interesting is that it was able to ingest a lot of information. As Rohini pointed to us earlier, there's somewhere around 50 different sources you can bring in. We were able to bring a lot of our content in. It was able to digest it. It was able to make material from it like the FAQs, the summaries, et cetera. But ultimately it was very, very useful and productive in being able to meet our content requirements from that perspective. And then lastly, we really looked at it. So how do we take Notebook LM as we go forward? What are some of our key enterprise opportunities? Enhancing productivity, being able to get information consumed faster for people, customizable outputs. This was really exciting for us to be able to have things like executive briefings, being able to have FAQs, being able to take that content and produce those templates to output that. It was definitely scalable. We saw it as a way with which we could bring a lot of information. We're super excited about the ability to connect it internally to things like SharePoint sites, et cetera, so we can bring that unstructured content in a much faster way. We also saw the multimodal integration. Again, being able to publish podcasts, we're super excited about that opportunity. But at the end of the day, people today, as you know, really interact with podcasts. And so being able to have that as a way with which you can ask questions, being able to have it as a way with which you can absorb information, that's really been a key for us from an enterprise perspective. Collaboration. The key thing we saw in this particular space was people started to collaborate and share their notebooks. So someone might go out, they might use a notebook for a certain area. When they found that there was great value in it, they ultimately started to share that and use that, again, as a key collaboration element. And then lastly for us, future-proofing. The key in this particular area is being able to absorb information quickly. You look at what's going on around us, there's a lot happening. And being able to take in information in a rapid manner, being able to put it in a concise way and new ways of learning, that's really been a key for us. So ultimately, these were areas through our testing, through our user feedback, we're looking at benefit and value from an enterprise perspective. So that's our journey around the notebook LM. And I'm going to turn it over to Philip. Thank you, Aaron. Thank you. Thank you, Aaron. I'm Phil. I'm from the Chrome product team. And I'm here to talk about how the AI capabilities you just saw in agent space and in notebook LM come into focus directly where your users are getting their work done today. And that's the browser. But before I do that, I want to say that the browser really sits at a critical intersection for many enterprises. And it sits at the intersection of three key needs that enterprises have. The first one is around control and visibility. So if you think about it, most of your enterprise work is happening in the browser today. And that means that for you as an enterprise, it's critical to think about it as another layer that you need to be able to control and provide a good employee experience that really fits within your policies. The second one is around security and threat intelligence. So here enterprises have a really unique set of needs that really stretch outside of what we're used to when we're just working for ourselves, which is think about things like insider risks or data loss. So enterprises have a whole new set of challenges that they have to face. And the third one, and the one we're all here for today, is really around productivity and AI. So since the browser is really the surface where a lot of this work gets done, it should really also be part of how you can help enable your employees to be more productive in the browser. And in Chrome Enterprise, what we're doing is offering solutions across these three different areas to enterprises. And this really starts from the Chrome browser that your users are already using today. And you as an enterprise can take control of these Chrome browsers, start managing them, and get benefits directly from that. And I'll give you a small example of each one of these three areas. So let's start with control and visibility. So here we offer Chrome Enterprise Core. And what Chrome Enterprise Core is, it's a free service that offers IT teams the ability to manage Chrome directly from the cloud and to get additional reporting around it. So, for example, administrators can get a bird's eye view of all of the Chrome extensions that are deployed across their environment. And they can use Core to block extensions that don't meet their needs. When we look at security, there's a similar story here. We offer another product called Chrome Enterprise Premium, which provides an additional layer of security capabilities to enterprise IT teams. So here, what you're seeing is actually a demo of our screenshot protections in Chrome. So if you have sensitive data lying around on corporate pages, you're able to prevent your employees from taking screenshots and copying and pasting information outside of these pages. So this is very powerful and a new set of tools that are available to enterprise IT customers. And then last but not least, and what we're here for today, it's around unlocking end-user productivity. And so here, Chrome is really focused on making sure that end-users can get their work done with as little friction as possible. And that's why we're excited to announce this year at Next an integration with Agent Space in Chrome. And what that lets you do is that it brings some of these excellent enterprise search capabilities that Rohini was just demoing around all of the enterprise context that's in Agent Space directly to where your enterprise users are searching today, which is the Chrome address bar. And also, this integration makes it possible for you to send agent-based commands directly from where your users are also working. And this makes it possible for end-users to really get things done very quickly when it comes to summarizing text or making use of some of these excellent capabilities you just saw in Nobook LM. So this is in preview starting today. And so if you're interested in trying this out, please contact your customer team to learn more. So let's zoom in and take a look at what this looks like in practice. So imagine here Elisa is a salesperson working for Neurovibe. And she's been asked by her business leader to provide a set of a report around the top opportunities that are assigned to her. And so she might start, as many of us would, actually trying to search for that where she normally searches. And thanks to Agent Space and the integration that we have with Agent Space in Chrome, it can pull from that rich corpus of information that Rohini was showing earlier to actually help you answer this. And so this integration is able to actually pull information across things like Salesforce, across your Microsoft Word and Office documents, across even Google Drive and the Workspace suite of tools. It can do things like your internal HR portals, which might just be web pages that certain employees maintain. And it can also pull information from those notebooks that Rohini was showing earlier. So this is a ton of rich information that now you can put right at your employees' fingertips without asking them to change their current behavior, which in enterprise, this is probably the easiest kind of change management you can imagine. Additionally, Agent Space has information about your enterprise directory. And so if you do this, you're actually enabling your employees to be able to find and search for employees across your organization very quickly and in a very intuitive way. And then finally, enterprises and end users can use Chrome's scope search mode to be able to send commands directly to Agent Space. So imagine here that Elisa, while she's been searching through all of these documents, none of the documents give, she knows none of those documents are going to give her exactly that same, that perfect answer. She can actually ask Agent Space directly from Chrome's address bar to provide a summary of those documents or to actually ask it, how do I assess sales opportunities in the end? And the result is that the user is redirected to Agent Space, and Agent Space directly answers that question. And so this new integration really brings a lot of benefits for end users. It helps them discover enterprise information much faster and in a way that's very intuitive for them. And it also gives them direct access to some of these AI capabilities that we all saw just demoed now. So this is a really interesting set of benefits. And when you look at the overall package, some of the data capabilities and the enterprise guarantees around compliance and security that Agent Space provides, coupled with some of the data protection policies that Chrome provides, really provides enterprises with a lot of security around this. so you can enable these very advanced capabilities for your end users, resting assured that your data is protected and this is being done in a safe way.