 Hi, my name is Ketan and I'm a product manager at Google SecOps. Data pipeline management is a critical capability for organizations facing the complexity of security and cloud. And today I'm excited to share the market leading data pipeline management capabilities we're introducing for Google SecOps customers through our partnership with BindPlan. At the outset, organizations today are plagued with data overload in their security operations. First, data architecture is increasing in complexity. You have to get data from a variety of data sources and bring them together for unified visibility. But beyond that, you also need this data for other use cases beyond security outcomes, whether that is observability, logging, sending this to a data lake, and so on. Second, security teams are tasked with finding outcomes with growing volumes of data while fighting for budgets. And as a result, security teams end up sacrificing their outcomes for the sake of costs. And finally, there are a variety of data needs in an enterprise environment, whether that is geo-specific compliance or redacting PII so that junior analysts don't see it. All in all, there is a variety of needs that plague organizations and a solution is needed. The answer to these problems is data pipeline management, which is a central control plane that strategically manages the flow of data from the source to the destination. So on one hand, you have a series of sources, whether that's your on-prem data, cloud data, or third-party API data, that then goes through a critical processing layer, which enables reduction of data volumes, redaction of the sensitive information that you don't want to be sent downstream, or enrichment and transformation operations to make data prepared for downstream usage. And a key element of DPM is routing. You can route this data effectively to a security product such as Google SecOps, an observability or a logging system, a data storage layer, or tools for AI workflows. And we are now introducing data pipeline management for all Google SecOps customers through our partnership with Bindplane. We're going to introduce this at no additional charge for new or existing customers. And we're doing this through Bindplane, which is a data telemetric pipeline product that's built on open telemetric standards. So for that routing use case, you have the ability to route data to SecOps or any other Google destinations such as cloud logging, cloud storage, or BigQuery. You have the ability to also, depending on your entitlements, route to a non-Google destination for a limited period of time. And further, you have the ability to manage these agents and manage agent fleets on the data collection end. Data pipeline management enables a series of built-in processors that allow you to flexibly transform and manipulate the data to your needs, whether to reduce the data volume and filtering out the data that you don't need, or redacting and masking PII data such as credit card numbers, credit card numbers, or phone numbers, and so on and so forth. A quick deep dive into what this looks like in practice. Here, we're looking at a routing use case where a pipeline is taking data from Windows events all the way to three separate destinations. Google SecOps, Google SecOps, Google SecOps, Google SecOps, Google SecOps, Cloud Logging, and Cloud Storage. And as you can see, you have the flexible ability to split data and assign the data routing based on logic that you have the ability to configure. Finally, if you have the ability to configure. Finally, if you were to take a look at feature entitlement, all Google SecOps customers get data pipeline features enabled for no additional charge. That is straight out of the box. Standard and enterprise customers get the bind plane for Google edition, which enables routing to Google, and basic transformation. Enterprise plus customers get the bind plane enterprise Google edition, which not only allows routing to Google destinations, but also routing to a single non-Google destination for a period of 12 months for SIM migrations. The full spectrum of advanced processors for reduction, redaction, and transformations are available. Finally, on a platform side, features such as gateway, silent host monitoring, and fleet management are available across all entitlements. We hope that this is a really exciting development for organizations leveraging SecOps to manage security outcomes, and also looking for robust data pipeline management capabilities. We are really excited about this capability, and we would love for you to reach out to your account teams to get access and to learn more about this. Thank you.