 Hello everyone and welcome to our session on scaling CPG transformation. It's really a pleasure to be with you here today. As we know in consumer goods, what we often see is that for many companies, they are beginning the process of pilot. They are doing some production, but we also know that in CPG, less than 20% of companies have yet reached the area of being able to scale. Today, we're excited to have a wonderful group of panelists with us to talk to you a little bit about what we're learning as well as how we are putting into practice scaling AI in the consumer goods industry. My name is Sonia Fyfe and I work in our global strategic industries group on consumer packaged goods. Myself, as many of the other Googlers in the room, are committed and passionate to the area of driving business transformation in the area of consumer goods at the intersection of consumer goods transformation and what we think of as our leading solutions in data and AI in the context of Google. And as we talk today, we'll talk about this with our panelists, but before, I want to just take a few minutes to set a little bit of context for our discussion. As we all know, we are in the midst of a significant transformation that's happening in the context of AI. This transformation means that whether you think about this as a person who is living, buying, engaging, all of these areas are being transformed by AI today. But interestingly, if you ask people to what extent they're engaging with AI, 34% will tell you that this is a level of engagement. But in fact, over 80% of people today and consumers are engaging with AI in some way. That may lead you to think that we are really in the middle of the AI transformation. But truly, particularly in consumer goods, we see so much opportunity to be able to delight consumers more and to be able to increase the level at which we are providing value to CPG companies and to the employees. And as we think about that, we think about where our consumers and employees are at today. While most consumers are certainly engaged with AI, there's certainly the opportunity still to be able to engage with brands in new and different ways across the consumer journey and so many other applications. And for our employees in CPG, we still know that they're looking to be able to elucidate new trends, to be able to move much at a faster pace and to drive a higher level of productivity. Now, the great news is as we think about where Google can help, over the course of today and the keynote and through many of the sessions that I hope you've enjoyed throughout the course of today, what we've seen is that Google is approaching this with real help to CPG companies by many of the new technologies that are being introduced in data and AI. Many of you saw Gemini 2.5, arguably the leading model that exists today in terms of generative AI. In addition, we also know that we discussed the agent space, providing new ways for employees as well as for consumers to be able to find, to understand, and also to act on our behalf. And we also introduced very new models in the areas of creative generation. These new models, I was really blown away by the keynote today, and I hope that you enjoyed seeing how these came to life in the demos. Areas of, you know, image to video in the VO presentation that we saw. And many transformations in what is probably the largest across hyperscalers, the largest area and body of capabilities in the areas of creative generation. So we really are in an age of significant transformation. But if you're a CPG leader in the room today, the question that you're probably asking is, what does this mean for my business? At the end of the day, we know that this is not just about your AI strategy. It really is about how AI can help to accelerate growth and drive productivity in the area of CPG. Working with CPG companies, we see four areas where that transformation is significant. In the first pillar, the area of unlocking growth with data-powered insights. This area is about the transformation that's taking place in a more predictive and personalized type of marketing. In addition, there's the opportunity to be able to leverage AI to accelerate the pace of innovation and to make innovation far more successful. In the second pillar, our focus is on how we help to transform go-to-market in an ecosystem that has become far more channelless. We're helping in areas here of not only sales analytics, but helping seller effectiveness and being able to transform the execution of our brands and our business in store and online. In the third pillar, our focus is on leveraging AI in areas to do with improving the effectiveness of the operations. Whether we're talking supply chains, such as in the area of demand forecasting, or manufacturing, or even in the area of back office productivity, AI is driving significant business value and transformation. And finally, we're helping consumers, our customers, lead in sustainability, really across the value chain. As we have the conversation today with our leaders in CPG, I want you to be thinking of three questions. The first is, how do we think in this context today of the role of data? Today's data platform needs to be not only scalable and secure, it needs to have AI capabilities embedded, whether that's multimodal capabilities, generative, agentic, conversational capabilities. Second, I want you to think about how we think about the area of AI innovation. Are you enabling your employees to be able to accelerate the pace at which agentic AI is being applied? And can that be used to leapfrog capability on the business? And finally, how do you own the experience, not just with the consumer, but with the customer? The great news is that we have leaders from two of the largest consumer goods companies here with us today to have that discussion. Please join me in welcoming Rich Rubenstein and Tina Baswani. Great. Thank you so much for joining us today. Why don't we begin with some introductions? Tina, why don't you take it away first? Great. Good afternoon, everybody. Sonia, it's a pleasure to be on panel with you again at Next and to share this stage with Rich. I'm Tina Baswani. I'm the vice president of Mondelez Consumer Solutions, where I own the global tech strategy to drive consumer engagement, bringing together personalization, AI, and digital marketing to drive more what we call empathy at scale. And, yes, I'm based in Chicago, and I'm really excited to be here to share, you know, our learnings and our journey to drive generative AI at scale across our enterprise, particularly in marketing. Always great to see you, Tina. Thank you for joining us. And, Rich, please introduce yourself as well. Thanks very much. And it's great to share the stage with you as well and to have gotten a chance to meet you through getting ready for this. So, I work at General Mills. I've been there about eight years. And I sit on the digital and technology team. And we cover everything for data analytics and AI within our team. And we also partner with the commercial business and with the marketing teams. And it's been great to be on the journey and see how our work with Google has grown and changed from what we started working together four or five years ago to really where we are now. It's unbelievable. Wonderful. Welcome, Rich. Thank you so much for joining us. Well, I'm going to start off with a warm-up question to you both. And, Tina, let me begin with you. What is your favorite General Mills product? If I had to pick, it'll have to be, and this is a bit of a tongue twister for me, but it'll have to be the Cheddar Chex Mix. I love it because, you know, every handful is a variety, which seems to be the vibe here at Next. You know, you learn a variety of things from workspace to agent space. So, yeah, that's my favorite product. Wonderful. Wonderful. And, Rich, the same for you. What is your favorite Mondelez product? There are so many. And I have what is technically called a cookie problem. But if I had to pick, it would definitely be Nutter Butters because if I keep them in the house, they will get eaten very, very quickly. We love that. It's difficult to stop sampling any of these products. So, thank you. Well, let's jump in, and I'd love you to maybe start with a question just around how you're thinking about digital and AI transformation in your organization. And really maybe just talk about, you know, where that transformation is happening in your parts of the business today. Sure. Would love to. So, at Mondelez, you would have heard a shout-out during the keynote today. We focus on our content generation value stream. And so, we've put together, like, a creative agentic ecosystem in partnership with our partners, Publicis, Sapient, Accenture, and, of course, Google, to bring that to life. And so, what we're doing here is looking at how could we use data to inform from concepting all the way to development of content creative and seeing how it is that we can reduce the time it takes to edit, it takes to iterate, while we increase the speed to market and the volume of assets that we're creating. We also have other areas where we are driving pockets of AI enablement. So, this will be across R&D, across our sales or revenue growth management, as well as in data and analytics. Thanks for sharing that, Tina. And as we know, I was so excited also to see that example on stage. And as we know, brands are so core to who CPGs are. It's so wonderful to see that transformation. And, Rich, maybe you want to talk a little bit about what that looks like at a high level at General Mills. Yeah, and you've been along on the journey for a long time with us. So, we started about four or five years ago, and I see Juliana there, with the data. And we moved all of our data out of our legacy on-premise Hadoop environment into Google Cloud. And we really wanted to focus on where the data was and where the math was going to be. And so, we took that opportunity as a chance to migrate. And while we migrated, we wanted to make sure we got everything clean. And so, we ended up at the end of that, which was a really big lift, with our data all in one place, across all of the domains that mattered. And I'll talk a little bit about those domains. Yeah. And that really allowed us to go fast. And this was before generative AI had caught on. It was big. And so, we focused on core AI ML, and we got quite a lot out of it. And the big domains that we talk about that drove the most of that work were three. First, in revenue management, which you guys call RGM, and we call SRM. And I'll extend that to commercial data. The second is in marketing, which we also work on, of course, being in CPG. And then, really, really importantly, in supply chain. We have a very complex, very large network. We cover really, really 25, 26 categories in the U.S. alone. And so, that's a rich – whenever there's that much data, it's a rich source of opportunity to figure out how you can use AI to make a difference. Yeah, congratulations to you both on the transformation journey. And certainly, as we think about General Mills, we've heard companies in CPG say today that data is going to be their long-term competitive advantage. And certainly, some of the choices that you're making in that area are quite significant as we prepare for the time of inflection that we've had. And we've certainly had a time of inflection. Maybe we'll go on and talk about that a little bit. But many of us will remember being here at Next last year, and we were talking primarily about generative AI. And today, that's still such a huge opportunity for us. It really provided, I think, from all the data we've seen, an inflection point not only in the generative area, but in AI more broadly. And I think it would help the audience if we could talk a little bit about how that journey has looked for you. What did it look like to be able to manage through the point of the generative AI inflection, particularly as we get into the later conversation about thinking about scale? How did you approach this point of inflection and use that to be able to accelerate transformation in your companies? Great question, Sonia. I mean, coming out of Next last year, we were all about agents. We were all about generative AI. And that really, you know, mushroomed a lot of experimentation. So there were a couple of things that we did across the enterprise at Mondelez. The first was we came up with our enterprise AI policy, which really set the guardrails for how we wanted to leverage Gen AI and incorporate it into our strategies. And then as there were these experiments, we started to formulate what we called our AI governance operating board. So this was a forum where you would come forward and you would present. And the reason why this was initiated was a couple of things. Number one is we really want to be intentional when we're experimenting, we're learning, or we're investing in any AI project. So that was the first thing is you come up and you share what is the value case. So if I'm doing this, it shouldn't be just a tech for a tech, but what is the business value case that is attached to? The second thing was then also to create a forum where we were just almost like checking for compliance. Has legal reviewed it? Has it gone through the right security and compliance checks? But then it also created a forum where we started to connect the dots. So when I would sit in that operating board, I would say, hey, hold on a second. We're thinking about that in insights and analytics space and marketing. Maybe we hold off on that experiment and just combine and create something more powerful. So that's how at Mondelez we've been very intentional about, you know, first defining what is our policy, creating an AI operating board. And now with all things agentic, we're now looking at, okay, we've done something in the marketing space. How do we now take that forward? How do we leapfrog? And how do we further evolve our guardrails? And that's one of the things that I've loved about how we've evolved over the last 12 months is we weren't shy to try and start. The AI operating governance board today sounds very different from how it started. But as with all things in AI, the industry is rapidly evolving. So as you put down, it may sound like it's a lot of work, right, to have an AI operating board. Think of it as just a forum. If you're all following Agile, it's just like having a weekly stand-up. But then we are allowing ourselves to iterate and learn as we go. I love that thought around sort of the managed experimentation but also the connection to business value and the fundamentals around being able to have the appropriate governance. And these are all, you know, smart things that we're learning. Companies are doing this in different ways. But there are some things that are proven success factors. And I know General Mills has quite a few as well. Tell me a little bit, Rich, about the approach that you took at General Mills. Well, maybe let me answer that in two parts. First, before we get to the Genervais part, we did something very similar. It's actually eerily similar to what you just described. Great minds think alike, right? Or necessity is the mother of invention or something. There you go. You know, the first part I'd say is that we really tried to focus, again, on the data first and then the questions and the business value second to make sure that we got out what we needed. So on the Genervais piece, we started with governance and risk management very, very early. Very quickly after we got hit by a lot of business folks saying, I have to do this, I have to do that. You must let us do this. And we had to set up some of the same governance principles that you talked about. But very quickly, we were able to put in place our frameworks to get people connected up and knowledgeable across the organization. Just to sort of slow down the experiments to the things that were the most important. But then the second thing, and this felt really good, is we tried to, and got to put the Minnesota in it, we tried to skate to where the puck is going. We knew and we could hear from all of the folks in the organization that we were going to have to find a way to give people access to the kinds of tools that they were used to getting in their personal lives. And so getting ahead of how we made that safe, we came up with what we call Mills Chat. It was originally, if you can believe, it was built on Palm 2. Remember Palm 2? Yeah, remember. That was not that long ago. And it started off, and it was not that great as an initial starting point. But it let us, like you were saying, experiment. It let us know that we could tell people, here's all the things you can't do. Here's what you can do. And let us show you how it's going to get better every month, every quarter. And then we ended up building out a roadmap for that tool. And now we've added image generation capability. We have a whole list of things. And we kind of use it as an experimentation tool. And we let people figure out how they're going to build their own workflow, figure out the kinds of things that they're going to do with a generative AI tool. And then we look at it and we say, okay, if that is high value, we're going to go ahead and harden that. And then we'll let out to a bunch of other people. And so it's a great combination, we think, of letting people do things safely and then learning from what we scale. And then we try to anthropomorphize it. We actually just had our first birthday party for Mills Chat last week with the birthday cake. All the pictures. We asked it what it wanted and everything. So it was fun. Yes. You know, it's really helpful, I think, when you're able to really tap in and unleash the energy and the excitement, particularly of the leaders in the organization who really want to go forward and to act with the appropriate levels of guardrails in place. And kudos to you both. I think you've found that right balance between making sure that the governance is in place, but not so much that people can't move forward, and then at the same time being able to unleash that. Certainly, I think, as we see some of the data, we are now, as I mentioned at the top of this discussion, seeing that evolution from pilot into more production. And the more that we talk to CPG companies and perhaps companies more broadly, there is definitely the question mark around, okay, we feel very good about the first part of the journey for those who do. But then the next part of the journey needs to go on, which is how do we actually move to scale? And companies are moving at different paces to be able to do that. And maybe I'll begin, actually, with you, Rich, in this space and just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the idea of being able to take this from where you started earlier to being able to scale it. Yeah, I'll take that as a little bit of a technology question and then a lot as an organizational question, which sounds weird being here, but that's the world we live in. On the technology side, we try to think really hard about how we're going to do the most common things we think that people are going to need. And so we want to let people experiment, and we do. Sometimes we get into some high-spirited discussions around how fast we should go versus not. But we always try to think about not just what's going to be a POC, but if we were to scale this, do we have the technology figured out and in place that we would be able to unleash it to the entire enterprise? And sometimes we'll slow something down to make sure that the technology can keep catching up. And that is honestly a lot of work, and it goes on every day, and it's part of what's great about being here at Next because we're still having those conversations, like, this afternoon. And so that has been a push-pull, but I think given how fast the technology is evolving, it's the right thing to do. And then the second thing that we're working really hard on in terms of scale is organizational engagement because I don't know about your companies or where you work, but we have everything from the sublime to the ridiculous and the level of understanding of how to use even very simple AI tools that you'd think would be very, very common. And so we try to work hard on selling and explaining and training our various groups within other functions or segments on what is AI, what can you do with it, what are the kinds of questions you need to be asking your team so that they can do it, and then measuring on the back end what level of utilization we're getting, and then monitoring that and saying where do we need to go in and help people find the efficiency in their work so that they can get more done and use it as a tool. So that's still ongoing. It doesn't feel like it's done at all, but there's plenty more to scale technologically, but it feels to us like there's a lot more to scale just in terms of the things we already have. Yes, yes. And sometimes we end up thinking about what would we add before we've actually unlocked that opportunity of how do we actually drive penetration, particularly if you've done the hard work already of connecting the use cases or probably more accurately the domain areas to big transformational value on the business. You really want that to scale. And normally in these discussions, we start off with the assumption that everything was smooth sailing. It went well. There were no learning. So maybe you'll share with us maybe just an example, Rich, of where you had to perhaps pivot as you were learning along that journey. I mean, I won't go into detail about the things that's where you screwed up because, you know, that's never the most fun thing to do. But I will say that the very idea that we're going to fail was built in from the get-go. We did try to make sure that as we went through the process that you talked about of reviewing use cases, what people were excited about, we tried to be highly structured. We tried to look at where the technology we thought was going to work. We set ourselves a goal of we're not going to be perfect, but we kind of want to bat 700 or 800. And so we don't want to have 1,000 POCs and have two work. We wanted to build momentum and go from strength to strength. And so we had plenty of things that we tried and we're like, no, that's not ready for prime time. But we had enough that we could jump from lily pad to lily pad to keep the organization going with us. And that's still a journey that's going on, but we feel like that's the right way to go. Thanks for sharing that, Rich. Maybe Tina, you can share as well, as you were on your journey to scaling, how has that looked? Have you had any learnings as you think about that journey? Sure. I'd like to speak a little bit more about the journey that we took specifically in marketing, which I thought was very unique, at least if I compare it to the other functions so far within Mondelez. So within marketing, we were very intentional. We said we could experiment and brand marketers could get very excited and put in a lot of requests. But it came top down from the office of our chief marketing officer that we would be very value-driven and value-focused. And so we focused on one specific value stream, which is our content generation. So we started with that. And we actually spent several months looking at our end-to-end content supply chain and really understanding, because, of course, our supply chain is supported in partnership with our agency partners. So looking at the work within Mondelez, outside of Mondelez, with our agency partners, and then really understanding, okay, if we were to drive value, what is the value we could drive? What is the value that we want to go after? And then second, what are the levers that contribute to that? And then from those levers, okay, now what are the actual use cases where if we applied AI, we could actually benefit? And so for us, when we looked at our content generation supply chain, we said that there's a lot of value to unlock with our e-commerce, in terms of our product detail pages, as well as with creating the concepts for our brand, what we call brand equity companies. So that's really how we started. It was very focused, very intentional. The second thing that we did is that we believe that we either go big or we go home. So again, being very intentional, we were also focused to scale. So from the very beginning, our mindset has been, how do we ship a minimum viable product? And the minimum viable product needs to be something that we knew we would continue to iterate, but should be sufficient enough to at least deliver against one of the levers. So it was never an option for us not to have a shippable product. We said that we had to do that. And then the third thing was that we were also very intentional in terms of recognizing that we had to evolve our ways of working. So how is it that we brought together marketing, tech, data, as well as legal? Because, of course, if you're doing any generative AI in the creative space, you know, there's a lot of things you need to consider about IP and rights management. So they have been fundamental to have with us from day one. I did want to share, as Rich mentioned about, you know, being very intentional on the value case as well as where you have data. And I share this as a way to inspire because some of us may not be at the starting point where we have all the data. So as we were learning and experimenting, this actually helped to accelerate investments to build our digital core, because a lot of our marketing data was obviously with our agency partners. But in putting together this agentic ecosystem and understanding the data, I like to call it, and we talked this last year about the brain and the blood. So the models are the brain, the blood that supplies energy to it is the data. So this started to inform us, okay, what data is necessary for those agents, and what form does the data need to be stored in, what should be the data model, what should be the data metatagging. So I just shared that because you may be in a situation where you have an awesome use case or value case, but you may not have all the data, but you can have a hypothesis, and that can actually be more efficient than just trying to, you know, catch up to speed into this race of having all data and just be very intentional and focused on going after it. Thank you for going deep on that marketing use case area or really the marketing domain area. That's very helpful. And looking across CPGs, we sometimes see companies where they're very intentional about the data strategy and have been for some time. And there are others where, because the culture is different, being able to get to the outcomes become the motivation for going back and making sure that the data is where it needs to be. Either way, you know, it's not really an AI conversation without it being a data conversation. So that becomes critically important in the capabilities that you have there. So really great to hear that. And Tina, Real Talk, again, it probably didn't all go smoothly. Any lessons learned from your perspective? Yes, we did. We did. We learned our lesson in terms of the data that was required to train and fine-tune our image models. So while we have, you know, a rich history of all of our campaign assets, we realized that we didn't quite have, you know, the appropriate rights or the clarity that was required of, you know, the assets in order to use that for training. Because at Mondelis, we believe that, you know, it's our AI by design. You have to start with responsible AI. And so because of that, it was a setback. It did cost us a time delay. However, we used that pause to think about two things. First of all, what were the images that we quickly needed to get together so that we could just get through the hump of getting through our MVP? But then it also started to inform us that, okay, the next time we do a photo shoot, and we do a lot of our shoots early on in the year, we started to ship out, okay, these are additional shots that we need to start including. So again, when you're very intentional and you realize that, okay, my strategy in the past may have served its purpose, but now it has to shift, this allows you the opportunity when you take this type of experimentation, you know, intentional experimentation to then go back and see how you do it. So, yes, it was a learning, but I'm glad that we, you know, we passed that sooner and quicker before we were further down the line. Go slow to go fast. Yes. Yes, absolutely. Well, very good. You know, last year as we were having our conversations at Next, I mentioned earlier that we were talking quite a bit about generative AI, and you've already mentioned it a couple of times, but we're all now really talking about agentic AI. Yes. And what the opportunities are. You know, technology is moving at, it seems like, such a fast pace. And I said a couple of days ago that the bad news is it's moving so fast, but then the good news is it's moving so fast because it gives you an opportunity to leapfrog. I wonder if you can talk a little bit about maybe not specifically how your companies are seeing agentic AI, but any advice for how you think CPG should be looking at agentic AI and potential application as you think about that in the context of the value chain? Sure. I mean, agentic AI is really important, and I think it's important to distill the buzzword, right? So an agent is simply an autonomous system that can plan, can learn, and can act alongside a human, and we heard that in the keynote as well. And so for me, I think it's very important for any company to really start with taking stock of what are some of my high-volume, repeatable tasks that have a very clear decision logic. And I think that is very important. Agentic AI is not really magic AI, right? You're basically taking a repeatable process, a workflow, and then automating that and really unleashing the power of generative AI. My advice for CPGs in terms of probably where to start, what are some of those areas where, you know, we have very quick use cases, very similar to what we heard today, and we're actually looking into this, is how do we start to leverage agentic in our call center to really augment the consumer experience? Other areas would be, in particular, for sales, whether it is in your sales execution or in revenue growth management, how can I have, like, agents that are maybe, like, you know, dynamically adjusting pricing or that are assisting my Salesforce agents to just get, you know, better and quicker on their feet on the floor. There's also inventory management. I don't know how many of you are from CPG here, but I don't know if you share the same experience, the dreaded experience of bringing in a new vendor into the company, right? Vendor management, contract management. So that's also another good way where you can actually bring in agentic AI to just simplify the process and actually be able to drive value and speed. So that will be my advice, and that's currently how we're thinking about how to leverage agentic in our organization. Thank you. Rich, any thoughts? Yeah. It's an exciting time. Let me just go back to what you said, because I think about it the way you think about it, but I want to pick a word. So when people say it's an agent, I try to use the word agency, because we've all been around for technology for a long time, and the promise of automating a lot of things has been there for a long time, and we've had some success with that. But the thing that's different to me about agentic AI is the same thing that is really true about generative AI is that these models, these foundation models, they know stuff. And so the thing that's cool about a model having agency is it doesn't just know what you told it to do. It knows what you're trying to do. And so we believe that the future is going to be much more automatable, because that change from knowing what you tell it to do to the model knowing how to get you there really is going to unlock a lot of different value, a lot of different use cases that we really couldn't have attacked before. And so on the... Thank you for sharing that, Rich. That's really lovely. You've really shifted my thinking now. I'm going to say hashtag agentic, hashtag agency. You heard it here. On the implementation side, agentic AI makes you really think about how you have to get in with the business, and like you were describing, what is everybody doing? Where are they spending their time? Where would they find value from having that time saved? Because if you can tell an agent how to do stuff, it'll do it for you. And so knowing where that is going to add value is really important. And then on the tech side, a lot of conversations here this week, everything from how the tech stack looks to what we have to do different. So we feel really, really good about how clean our data is and how much work we put into it, but it's not perfect for an agent to grab it yet. And so we have a lot of work to do there very, very quickly to make sure that we can take advantage of all of the new tooling and technology. And it all grounds back to do we have the right information and the right data so that the agent can give a good answer. Yes, we were talking a bit about this even yesterday in conversation about making sure that it is properly grounded. But I got really excited by some of the announcements that I know customers got excited about around agency development kit, the ability to develop agents with low, no code, and this idea of knowing what you're trying to do I think is a major unlock in terms of being able to think differently about this as certainly not being a chat bot, but certainly not only being an assistant, but being able to act as much as you'd allow on your behalf, which I think is going to, again, unlock major capability in CPG. It's interesting to think about, depending on where you are in your journey, where would you leapfrog to if you could do that now? So it's certainly been a pleasure hearing from and learning from you both. Usually with such auspicious leaders on the stage, I always like to ask that last question of, as you think about other consumer goods companies, you know exactly what they've been wrestling with. You've walked in those shoes, and you're leaders in your spaces. Any last advice that you'd provide as you think about this broader area of overall business transformation, data and AI in the context of consumer goods? Sure, happy to. So I would say first thing is lead with value and lead with intentionality. I think that is super, super important. We saw how much technology, how much data center space really went to creating that experience at Sphere. Yes. And so while, of course, paying the consumption for generative AI may be inconsequential, think about just how much investment actually has gone into just enabling that ecosystem. So don't be frivolous about experimentation. Experiment with the intent. What is it that I want to learn? And what I want to learn is commensurate to, is there a value that is bringing value either in automation, either in increasing ROI or decreasing spend, or actually unlocking new competitive advantage? So I would be amiss as a marketer at heart if I didn't start to think about how do I use agentic or agency to actually rethink how do I take from becoming just an advertiser, showing up as an advertiser, to showing up as a brand ambassador that's actually helping my consumer have a better experience, that I'm assisting them so that they can meet an unmet need. So I would say that's the first thing. Start with value and start with intentionality. The second advice I'd like to share is it's very important to read, this is a team sport. AI is now a team sport, so it's very important to really bring your partners along the journey. So I like to call ourselves a quartet where we bring together tech, data, marketing, and legal together. It's been wonderful because as we stormed and normed together to do this, I knew what AI was, less my other three partners, but I didn't know as much on rights management for assets. And so this was wonderful because we all came to the table with our separate distinctive sets of expertise and now we each can speak for each other. So I think that's super, super important. And the third thing about culture is because this is cross-functional, right? The tendency for us to approach this from a technology-first standpoint and think about getting, like, the best engineers, the best programmers onto our team. But at Mondelez, we've decided and said that, you know, we are not going to get all the best and brightest minds from a technology standpoint. But what we're really looking for are people who are curious, people who are adaptable, and people who are able to thrive in this cross-functional environment. Because what is true today will be different tomorrow. And so you need people that are comfortable with change and that are comfortable that, you know, I will need to bring other partners along that may not be as technical as me. So that will be things that I would share based on my experience, lead with value and intentionality, really drives cross-functional, and really take stock and focus on what's the culture that you're building in your organization to bring an agency forward. That was very eloquent. That was awesome. Amazing. Thank you. And Rich, please. It's hard to follow that. A couple of things. So what really struck me about what you said and the cross-functional nature of it, General Mills is a highly communal culture, but it can also be siloed. And so what you described about bringing together that cross-functional group is something that we did. And actually, we found that some of our HR partners, some of our legal partners, were the ones who helped us build out the risk frameworks and helped to explain to us how we were going to tell ourselves what we could and couldn't do and how we explained that back to the business. So that really resonated with me, and I think that's really, really important. Because otherwise, you're going to get pretty far down the track and then you're going to get a no because someone hasn't been along the journey. So I think that's really good advice, and I would second it. I think you said this too, and I think we probably touched on it a couple of times, but this balance of the tech readiness and getting your hands dirty is really hard to strike. Yes. But it's really important because if you sit back and wait for the perfect, you won't dive in and learn anything, but if you are just trying to say, I'm just doing this to learn, learn what? At the end of the day, we all work for public companies, and so our goal is to make it save money for shareholders. And so we have to be thinking really hard about not just what am I trying to learn, but what am I trying to do? And so the thing that we do is going to drive a lot of value, help beat the competition, help make or save money, at scale, then we're going to like it. And even if the things that we have to do to get there are really hard to learn, we'll find a way through that. But if we're doing a science experiment because it's somebody's pet project or we're curious, you can suck up a lot of resources in time and go down the wrong track, and that's just not something that, at least in CPG right now, I see a lot of extra dollars lying around. So I think people being really careful about that is important. But on the flip side, if you don't try stuff, you'll just never learn anything. And it's amazing. No plan survives reality when you run into it. And so it's important to get in there and get people in tools and learning. And so very similar to what you said. And then the part about mattering to the business, just can't say enough how important that is because I don't know about your business partners. Everybody hears about AI all the time. And the hype has been out there for so long that I think it's starting to turn into the Charlie Brown teacher, the wah, wah, wah, that they actually don't really understand how fast the things that we see are really moving and what is possible now that wasn't even possible six months ago. And so I think there's risk of them tuning out. And so really focusing it back on, no, no, no, no, you can do this today. And here is how much that's going to help you with your work today. And then here's what's going to happen in the future. Here's what's soon. Or sorry, here's what's now. Here's what's soon. And then here's what's coming next. And then bringing them along in that journey. That's something that we're working really hard to do. And I think it's important when there's so much change like you were talking about. Absolutely. Thank you both. I am going to fearlessly footnote you both as I take these points forward because it is about driving the technology transformation, but also creating the accretive business value and bringing along the company. At the end of the day, we want to make sure it's the transformation that's achieved through our people and our team. So thank you so much for that. We know that there's tremendous value that can be unlocked if we can scale successfully in CPG. Both of you are well on the journey to do that and really appreciate you sharing your learnings. We are also happy to help and help build what's next. Feel free to take a scan of this QR code if you have any follow-up questions for myself or for the panel. We'd be happy to do that. But apart from that, please join me in thanking both Rich and Tina for their time on the panel. Thank you.