 Hi everyone. Today we're going to talk about how search and agents can help modernize your site and apps. And let's start from the beginning. Today we have millions and billions of customers being trained en masse on Google Search, Google Maps, YouTube and other assets to expect more, to expect more intuitive and personalized search and navigation experiences. So customers today expect you to know them, they expect you to know what they want and they expect you to help them achieve their tasks. And when you don't do that, it actually impacts your business. For example, if I have a very specific query and you don't deliver on it, that's a search abandonment and a conversion that you lose. If someone comes and is browsing your apps and your website and you don't personalize the feed for their need and engagement, then you have less loyalty to your brand. And if I have a very specific question and you don't provide me a very quick answer, then you're losing my trust and I am a frustrated customer and probably will use your customer support. These are all of the problems that Vertex AI Search is solving for you today. We bring the power and AI behind all of Google products and make it available for your site and for your apps. And what we can help with Vertex AI Search is to power personalized and conversion optimized discovery experiences for your customers. It starts with a search that is much more powerful, can understand natural language, is personalized and helps convert for your business. We also enable AI mode, which helps answer questions for your users, engage them and deflect support. We also have personalized browsing, which tailors feeds so that it is optimized for me and is hyper personalized for my preferences. And finally, we're announcing today a Gentic mode, which helps your user get their tasks done, whether it's planning a trip or booking a provider appointment. And the magic of Vertex AI Search is that it helps you build these experiences in a step-by-step manner so that you can get very quickly a lot of value and you can keep growing with Vertex AI Search. It starts with Search in the beginning and then you can add on top of it a personalization layer. And this already helps with conversion and helps engage your customers. On top of that, you can layer AI mode, which is available in Vertex AI Search out of the box. And this helps engage your customers with answering questions and with guiding them through your experience. And then finally, on top of that, you can have a Gentic mode, which helps get things done, such as planning a trip, booking tickets, setting an appointment with a provider, all of this in the same platform with the same personalization layer. Now let's look at how Vertex AI Search is differentiated. You can bring any data that you want, whether it's site information in your site, whether it's catalog information that is more structured or unstructured documents. We also take as an input user interactions, which help with personalization, as well as all the business rules that you need. Then Vertex AI Search will power multiple layers to get the search going, including enriching the data with knowledge graphs, getting deep relevance beyond keywords and embeddings by understanding intent, by enriching with Google's knowledge graph and web signals, advanced semantic understanding where we understand what location mean, we understand what filters mean, and apply that to the search. AI personalization using deep learning models to get what your users engage with and what they convert on. And finally, grounded AI generation that can handle complex queries that can bring images in the results. And so it's way more than the typical rag that you have. And this then powers all of the experiences we talked about. On the personalized browsing side of things, we're able to take user-passed interactions, the documents and information that users will be interacting with, as well as the navigation patterns for your users to get optimization of the CTR or the KPI that you care about, whether it's booking or whether it's revenue per session. And then you can add on top of that all of your editorial rules to get the final results of personalized browse feeds. Now, this slide just shows you the power of Vertex AI Search Platform because you can get started very quickly, usually in minutes, but you have a lot of control to be able to change the way we process your data, the way we rank the results. You can boost and vary. You can change the ranking function. You can also change the way personalization work. You can also prompt engineer your AI overviews and answers. So this gives you a lot of control and a lot of power without the nitty-gritty of managing pipelines, managing data processing, and all of the things that take away time from what you really care about. Now, on the agentic mode side of things, this is how we're building agentic mode in Vertex AI Search. It will use the retrieval and search layer on the left side, which grounds on your data. In addition to that, we have access to external grounding on Google Maps, on Google web browsing, as well as connectors and API to enable experiences such as better customer support, being able to research offers, being able to book a provider, to plan a trip, or to do home hunting. All of these will be available on Vertex AI Search. And finally, to recap, we just saw that Vertex AI Search helps you get AI overviews in minutes. It helps you get a deep relevance algorithm that gets what your user wants. It helps with advanced semantic intuitive search that understands locations and filters and works great on catalogs. and AI-powered personalization to really fit your customer needs and drive conversion. And all of this with the customization layer that will drive your success. Thank you so much.