 Akshay Datar Hello and welcome. My name is Akshay Datar and I'm a product manager here at Google Cloud Security. Thank you for joining us today on this session on how to secure your cloud resources with Google's built-in policy management capabilities. In this session, we will be talking about one of the most important controls in your toolbox, organization policy. A key security and compliance guardrail tailored specifically to shift your posture towards a preventative approach. Let's dive right in. As an enterprise scales their cloud footprint, they typically face two main challenges. One, how can they ensure that the organization meets its security and compliance goals across the board? And two, how can they achieve this in a way that it does not impact developer velocity? We at Google want to help address these challenges. Our IAM platform has built-in capabilities that allow administrators to establish guardrails so developers can accelerate application development and innovation while staying within security and compliance boundaries. We offer a layered set of complementary controls that help you achieve defense in depth for your security and compliance goals. These controls coupled with our policy intelligence and lifecycle management tools deliver a complete framework to allow administrators to establish a strong, robust security posture at scale. Today we are looking at organization policies or org policies for short, which is a key resource-centric layer allowing you to control which resource configurations are permitted in your organization. A little bit of background. Like I mentioned, organization policies are resource-centric governance controls that ensure that non-compliant resources do not exist in your environment. org policies allow you to centralize, control, and apply restrictions at any level in your resource hierarchy. Constraints are the restrictions or rules that you want to enforce, and we offer both built-in and customizable guardrails to meet your requirements. Specific to built-in constraints, we are really excited to announce an evolution of our org policy platform called Managed Constraints. You can now leverage tools like Simulator and DryRun with these built-in managed constraints to understand impact ahead of making policy changes. With Managed Constraints, you get a consistent user experience, and we have already started building out a library of managed constraints, and many more will be available later this year. Moving on to custom org policies. This is the most important innovation in our space today. As the name indicates, custom org policies are customizable guardrails that offer you flexibility and agility. When we first started and launched custom org policies last year, we only supported four Google Cloud services. I'm happy to announce that as of today, we support over 60 Google Cloud products with 57 in GA state. This covers some of our most requested and highly sought-after product integrations. With this expansion in supported services, several key use cases are now unlocked, where custom org policy can help improve security, improve your reliability and resilience, and reduce your cost. How would this look like in practice? First, you can define a constraint or rule to meet your unique requirements using managed constraints or custom org policy. You can then evaluate the impact of this constraint on your existing resources. Then you can set this policy in DryRun mode to understand the behavior in audit locking mode in production. And finally, when you're satisfied, you can enforce this policy on your desired node. This is now a strict guardrail. Now that we have covered some basics, let's learn from Snap on how they leveraged some of these controls to meet their goals. The first problem that they faced was that of securing access along the organizational perimeter. This was addressed in large part with a domain-restricted sharing org policy. The second challenge they dealt with was that of limiting the user's service account keys. Google's service account key org policies and service account permissioning policies played a key role in mitigating this challenge. The third security challenge is GCS access control lists. Another org policy called Uniform Bucket Level Access org policy was used to address this challenge effectively. They're starting to see several business use cases get unlocked for custom org policies and manage constraints. They're also seeing a lot of interest across their organization for adopting custom org policies in various flavors. And now, with SafeRollR tools, they're able to safely adopt and roll out policy changes using Simulator and DryRun. Let's talk about something really crucial. To make it even easier to get started with a strong foundation, Google Cloud is introducing Google Cloud Security Baseline. With our shared fed operating model, we stand with you from day one. How does it work? These are powered by six Google-defined org policies that are hardened and configurable security controls. The best part, these are enabled by default and available to all existing customers. While we provide a strong baseline, we understand that customers have unique needs and organizations have unique needs. That's why the second aspect of owning your own posture is key, where you have flexible constraints and policy intelligence tooling to help you roll out these changes safely. The three main areas of focus include securing long-lived credentials, securing organizational access, and strengthening your network security. This ties in really nicely with SNAP's goal and org policy evolution. To recap, we encourage you to strengthen your posture with custom org policy and manage constraints to meet your goals. We encourage you to lay your foundation and start secure with Google Cloud Security Baseline. And then leverage Google's intelligent recommendations to strengthen your posture beyond where you are today. This is truly an exciting time and we are seeing rapid adoption across our customer base. It is clear that organizations are seeing immense value with this and we would love to work with you to better set up security and posture for your organizations. With that, we have reached the end of our session. Thank you for taking the time and joining the session. We look forward to working with you. Thank you.