 All right. Welcome, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. Today we're going to talk about simplifying the move to Google threat intelligence. I'm going to do some intros, and then we'll go ahead and get started. My name is Jonas Kelly. I've been with Google for about five years. I'm an original chronicler, right? So I came in with a chronicle group. Now I run MSSP sales for Google. Go ahead, Tara. Hi, my name is Tara Lewis. I'm a global security architect in threat intel here at Google. I originally joined Google about four years ago on the cloud infrastructure team. I moved to virus total and then transitioned to Google threat intelligence. Hi, I'm Chris Morales. I'm the chief information security officer for NetEnrich. I've been there for four years now, and I also run security strategy. And we started using Chronicle. I first looked at it in 2019 when they announced it, so I've been pretty keen on it. Fantastic. Okay. This is us. We already went through introductions, so we'll skip this part and head right into the meat of our topic today. So let's get to it, guys. Let's talk about, you know, why is it necessary to migrate to Google threat intelligence? And why is it necessary to migrate now? Could you talk a little bit about that? Absolutely. We know many of you are probably already leveraging threat intelligence. So whether you're using virus total, Mandiant, or any other vendor right now, the process to migrate to Google threat intelligence is straightforward by design. So Google TI essentially combines virus total with Mandiant threat intelligence supplemented with intel from Google safe browsing. So it gives you a much more comprehensive view of all of the intelligence that Google has to offer. So if you're leveraging virus total right now, you're in luck because this is a very simple process because Google threat intelligence is hosted on the same platform as virus total. So all of your users, your configurations, your SSO, even your API key remains the same when you migrate to the Google threat intelligence platform. Can I hit a button? Can you hear me? All right. Perfect. Yeah. So the migration from virus total is incredibly simple. If you're leveraging Mandiant attack surface management or digital threat monitoring, you can also migrate all of that configuration into your new GTI instance. So we've made it incredibly simple across the board, no matter who you're using for threat intelligence now, to move to Google threat intel and start leveraging this expanded data set without a major overhaul. That's really cool. I know a lot of our customers have been using virus total for years and years. It's kind of like the industry standard for finding bad things on the Internet. And then we have the Mandiant intelligence that comes in as well, right? Also a huge customer base. So what you're saying is this really gives a way to kind of bring all those things together in a unified platform to make it easier for everybody to identify security vulnerabilities. Exactly right. Chris, let me ask you this question. Sure. How should organizations kind of think about Google threat intelligence? Like, how do I think about it? Say I'm setting up my threat intelligence process from scratch. What does that look like in your mind being a CISO? Yeah, look, Google is a data company, right? So as you said, virus total isn't new. It's funny. A lot of the components of threat intel between Mandiant and virus total predate some of actually the cloud, some of a lot of the process that we have current DevOps, things like that. The data sources were always high quality, and they had a huge value. But they were built around manual processes. So what's happened, and this is what I've always liked about Google is it's a data company, and it thinks in huge volume of data. Now, if you take something like GTI, I get something over a million pieces of information a month just in Net Enrich, just in one small company. Like, we're dealing with a massive volume of data, and it's a data overload, which is the reality of all security operations. So I asked myself the same question, what's happening with GTI? It's like, I already have Mandy, and I already have virus total. I use these things, and then I realize what's happening is that we use them manually, and the people that use it manually are doing spot checks and not keeping up with the actual information. So it's good for a few things here or there. But what Google has done is brought in all this high quality efficacy information and put it into a data pipeline that can now be used through automation, through large batch queries, through, like, highly scalable processes, things like that. And to me, that's the way to think of GTI. If you want to be data-driven, GTI is a data-driven product, and it's a different way to take threat intel versus what we're used to. Yeah. Yeah, that's very interesting. I think what you're saying there is that, like, it's equal parts automation and context. Yes. When I talk to customers, like, that's one thing I always try to hammer home on is context matters, right? Are the attackers hacking the database with the secret sauce on it? Or is it the server that houses the lunch menu? Like, that matters in security, right? So I think what you're saying, Chris, is, like, this provides me a way to do both of those things, right? See the context of what's being attacked and also automate that so I don't have to go through and do it manually each time. Yeah. You lose nothing and you gain automation. Yeah. Excellent. So it sounds like a lot, a lot of information, a lot of threat intelligence information from a lot of different sources. I can see how that might be confusing to customers. Tara, could you talk a little bit about what the difference is between Google threat intelligence, one thing, VirusTotal, and Mandiant threat intelligence? Yeah, absolutely. So we're well aware that security professionals face a barrage of different tools. Even within Google, we have a pretty large suite of tools just in threat intelligence. So let's break down what exactly the difference is between VirusTotal, Mandiant, and Google threat intelligence. So you can think of VirusTotal as, like, a rapid analysis tool, quick checks against files, URLs, domains, and IPs, against our massive data repository with our partner network backing it to see if anything's been identified as malicious. What Mandiant brings to the equation is deep, expert-driven threat intelligence about the behaviors and campaigns that attackers are using. Google threat intelligence combines the best of both of these platforms and supplements it with data from Google safe browsing. But Google threat intelligence is a lot more than just the sum of its parts. We also have introduced a lot of new powerful capabilities, one of which being the GTI score. So this is our own opinionated verdict as Google and Mandiant about the reputation of a certain IOC. So we provide you with a verdict, and we also provide you with a score which helps you to rank these IOCs and prioritize your alerts. So in that GTI score, you'll see a number between 1 and 100. So if it's on the lower end, around 30 or so, that's something that's likely been identified as a PUA or potentially unwanted application or spamware. Something around 50 to 60 is more likely to be a hack tool or a rootkit, and something 80 and up is known malware or known associated with the threat actor. So having this context with your detections as opposed to just tagging something as malicious can really help with triaging these alerts and making your response as efficient as possible. So really, Google threat intelligence brings together the best of both of these tools. So the breadth of virus total with the depth of Mandiant, in addition to all of the new intelligence from Google safe browsing, and gives you an expanded data set, deeper context, and improved functionality all in one place. That's really interesting. I could see a lot of folks that are in IT, or maybe they're just starting into security, they may say, hey, this sounds super advanced, right? We're taking best-in-class threat intelligence. We're taking the world's largest crowdsourced malware repository. We're putting into one. How can I, as a customer, assess my readiness for this? Am I really ready to take this leap into Google threat intelligence? Chris, can you talk a little bit about that? You know, it comes down, this is a maturity question is what it is, and it's both a maturity of organization and of the security program and the CISO who's running it and where they want to be. And simple, if you think of a maturity scale in security, at least one that I follow, I always think of threat awareness and agility. So it's awareness of what's in the world and what should I care about and what threats do I need to be aligned with and what am I monitoring for? And then agility is what is my ability to respond or react to when adverse things happen and how do I handle that? And when you look at a scale, I feel so many organizations have gotten to what I call maturity level three, which is process-driven. They are good at, like, repeatable process, this and that, but they get stuck in the mud there, and it's really hard to move to the next level. So for me, maturity four is being intelligence-driven. And threat intelligence is a massive part of what intelligence means. And the goal at that level is to align global threats to threats targeting your assets to the controls you have in place and make sure you're doing the right things. So I look at companies and say, if you want a threat-informed defense is what I described, which is what MITRE calls it, if you want to achieve that, then you have to have some form of threat intelligence driving that. And more than that, it can't be a threat hunter or somebody just looking at a search every now and then in a file or an actor with a response. It has to actually be data driven into a pipeline into what your stack is, and the whole thing has to be automated at scale to start to give you feedback of information. So the question I have to people is, do you just want to be better? Probably the better way. And it comes down to maturity. If you're at a company with a low risk tolerance, you don't really care, you're at level two, then I wouldn't worry. But if you actually do care and you have something worth of value, you have to start thinking smarter. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Just tactically, is that an assessment? Is that a tool? How would I think about that if I'm just getting started? That's tricky. It's a bit of a selfish. I don't think there's any tools for this. It's a bit of a, how do I put it? So any CISO who's reporting to their CEO or to the board at some point has to describe their posture when they're on a journey. That's what I do. Yeah. And they're constantly asking questions on how am I getting better to these threats? Yeah. So for me, it's not an assessment. It's the nature of the job. Like if I can't answer these questions well, I'm going to get fired. Yeah. And I like my job, so. Right. Don't want to get fired. Okay. Terry, you have any thoughts on that as well? Yeah. I was just going to add that if you're thinking, am I ready to migrate to Google Threat Intelligence, the answer is likely yes. And in my opinion, the key is starting with targeted value in your organization. So what we can do as your Google Cloud Security account teams is come in to help you to identify workflows that you're already running where Google Threat Intelligence can provide immediate value. We can also perform a gap analysis to try to pinpoint any areas for improvement. And the way that we offer Google Threat Intelligence is through three separate bundles that are all built around organizational needs. So if you're a team that has competing priorities, our standard bundle is incredibly actionable. It can help you provide hands-off value in your organization so that you can start gaining value from the insights in Google Threat Intelligence without having a major investment of your team's time. And then on top of that, we have Enterprise and Enterprise Plus bundles that can unlock lots of additional intelligence and functionality. So really, it's just about determining where your organization is and what different workflows you have running that intelligence can provide value in and where you'd like to go. So Google Threat Intel can really scale with your security operations and grow your capabilities as those needs evolve. That's interesting. So you mentioned something that I think was very poignant. Like, if you're wondering if you're ready for this intelligence, the answer is probably yes. Is that applicable across industries? What if I'm in manufacturing or farming or something that's traditionally thought of as lower tech? Is there still a place for it? Yeah, absolutely. A lot of those industries, especially, like you were mentioning, farming and companies that are not historically targeted by nation state or APT groups. A lot of what you're going to be concerned with is more ransomware and more commodity malware. So that is the offering that the standard bundle is really geared towards. So if you look at the packaging, it is heavily focused on ransomware, malicious network infrastructure, and the kind of use cases that those organizations are concerned with. So when I say it's really packaged for certain organizational needs, that's what I mean. We're focusing on the attackers that are likely to target you, the use cases that are likely to be of value to you, and the intelligence that you're really going to be able to make something out of. That's great. I think that's a great thing about our security products, right? We kind of package them in a way that there's a package for you, regardless of the size of your organization. You can start small or you can start very big. It's segmented in that way to make it very accessible for customers. Mm-hmm. So my company has done this assessment, or they've hired a CISO that, as Chris so eloquently pointed out, it uses it as a process, right, in order to not get fired. So I've done all of this stuff, right, and I've determined the value that Google Threat Intelligence is going to bring to me and my org. Tara, can you discuss how I operationalize this data? I've bought it. I've got the tool. I have the logins. I'm ready to go. How do I operationalize it? Absolutely. To leverage threat data, operationalization is key. Of course, Google Threat Intelligence can provide valuable standalone insights, but its real strength lies in applied threat intelligence within SecOps. So it really speaks to what Chris was saying earlier about point-in-time checks of IOCs and how that is not going to be enough. So what applied threat intelligence does is it constantly matches the last 12 months of your organization's telemetry against Google's expansive, ever-evolving threat intelligence database using machine learning to give you prioritized and personalized insights. So it's effectively taking this intelligence and turning it right into immediate actionable detections in your SIEM. Breach Analytics takes this one step further by alerting you to the presence of any emerging non-public IOCs. So between these two tools, we can proactively analyze your organization's telemetry, and we can alert you to the presence of any IOCs, both those that are published in Google Threat Intelligence and those that are deemed too sensitive to be shared public. So this gives you a massive leg up in combating emerging threats. Did I hit a button again? All right. And of course, we recognize the need for diverse security stocks. So we are vendor agnostic with our integrations. We can get intelligence to wherever your workflows and investigations live. That's great. And Chris, I know your company, Netenrich, really specializes in this, taking disparate tool sets, right, and kind of bringing them all together so that they're not just shelfware. They're actually usable. And usable in a way that's natural and organic. It's not a heavy lift for the organization. Can you guys talk a little bit about how you approach that problem? Yeah. In addition to what Tara just described, which is just inherently kind of works a little bit. So there's like four different flows that we always look at on how do we use Threat Intel. In order to be Threat-informed, you actually have to put it into these processes. So the first one is incorporating Threat Intelligence into behavioral analytics type detections. Not just the standard IOC matching, but actually understanding, for example, command and control to a specific domain targeting some region. But not just the match, but the full behavior. The second is using it in a threat hunting, threat detection engineering processes, where a lot of these feeds are taken. Quite often things that actually were already automated and detected by Google are fed into a threat hunt team, not a detection team. We don't use IOCs as a primary signal to generate an incident by itself, but it generates an indicator of compromise or an interest, which can then be explored and searched across multiple telemetry. And then that helps us make sure, do we have coverage, things like that. And the last is doing some automation around Threat Intel into security posture, as in able to extract adversary information above and beyond just IOCs, actually breaking down attacks into both things relevant to an industry, but then into an attack flow effectively, which is all the behaviors relevant to the attacker, and then mapping that to security coverage and understanding what that looks like if it were detected and understanding where coverage is for it. We're able to take a lot of information using APIs to pull that out and just to automate that whole process. APIs? API? Oh, APIs. Oh, sorry. Yeah. API. Wait, I hope everybody knows that acronym. Yeah, no, I thought you were introducing me to something brand new. No. Oh, goodness. Yeah, so I think you're right. I think what you're saying here is bringing in a lot of business context and logic into the flow to make it make more sense to your business. I know in security, we always use the example of impossible travel, right? If I log in here and there at the same time, that's probably a malicious thing. Whoever made up that rule has not seen my travel schedule. I would call it impossible travel. But, like, the context matters, right? If that's Jonas's job to travel impossibly, which it is, then maybe that's not a high alert, right? As opposed to somebody who you expect to be in a single place every time. So I think that makes a lot of sense, and companies can use that to really make more or get more value out of the tool sets that we're delivering. Okay. So let's talk a little bit. And, you know, on that same thread, I think CISOs have a lot of security tools, right? And they don't want to look at them all in a vacuum, right? When this one person does this and this other person does this and they don't talk to each other. Can you talk a little bit, and I'll pass this to you first, Tara, can you talk a little bit about how organizations can integrate these capabilities that we've been talking about with the third-party tool sets that they may already have in their environment? Yeah, absolutely. We have dozens of pre-built integrations with leading security tools. So everything from Sim and Sword to EDR and Email Gateway, we can plumb intelligence to wherever you're working already, whether it's a Google security tool or not. A particularly powerful way to do this, though, is through an MDR, which I'd love to hear more about from Chris. Got it. Yeah, so it's interesting. So Net Enrich has managed detection response services. We've worked with Google as a partner to bring MDR to Chronicle. Huge value of Chronicle to me is that it's very open-ended and I can take in any tool. You know, the challenge with that, of course, is that when you have every tool, when you have to start doing integrations, you have to understand all these tools. So through Chronicle, through a lot of the integration and the work that Google's already had, we're able to combine Threat Intel from whatever tool vendors people have to what we get from Mandiant and what we get from GTI and what we are able to put into processes. So if I get... I'm just trying to think of this for the room. So if I get an alert and crowd strike from somebody, I can easily stitch what was found from there to GTI through automated processes. And it starts to correlate that for context and enrichment without doing anything. I don't need a store to do that. It happens naturally and then generate cases based on that that are then analyzed for better strength. So I don't think I'm explaining it well because it just happens naturally for us because we're so based on the Google stack. Yeah. Everything just sort of works for me. Right? Yeah. The way I normally describe it is like, you know, security departments, CISOs, customers, they want an outcome. Right? They want to protect their assets, not be subject to ransomware or whatever. The nuts and bolts of how that happens doesn't matter so much. And like an MDR brings all of that together. Right? It chains all of those attack scenarios that you mentioned. And then, you know, you can free up your team to do other security work. There's never a lack of that. So I think that makes a lot of sense. Okay. So we are going to open it up to questions here in just a moment. But I want to kind of leave you guys with this if you'd like to scan these. There are two things that we have here for you guys. If you'd like to learn more about what Tara and Chris have described to you today, you can visit the Google Threat Intelligence booth at the Security Hub for a demo. So the folks down there will take you through and you can go through different scenarios and whatnot. And then there's a QR code here for Netenrich. You can visit Netenrich at the Security Showcase. The Security Showcase is really cool. It's new this year. We've brought in a lot of our security vendors to where security practitioners and management can go in and just talk security with security folks. So I think that will be really interesting. If you'd like to click on any of those or both of those QR codes and then visit us down there for more information, that would be fantastic. And now I will open it up. If there are any questions in the audience, please raise your hand. This young lady will bring you a microphone and we will do our best to answer. Thanks, Kami. Thank you. Thank you.