 Good morning, everyone, and happy Friday. And thank you for taking your Friday morning to come listen to us speak. Today we're going to talk about compliance in the cloud. And good morning, everyone, to folks who also want to watch this online. So we're going to talk about how Google Cloud is addressing complexities of security and compliance and how our solutions can help effectively manage your cloud environment. So I'm Deep Bharacharji. I lead product management for parts of security and compliance within Google Cloud. Joining me today is Surabhi Jain, product manager for security and compliance monitoring. And I'd like to welcome Florian, director of cloud governance at Deutsche Börse. He's going to talk about his experience leveraging Audit Manager, a key part of the solution that we're going to talk about today. So here's a look at what we'll be covering today. We'll kind of talk about the problem briefly. We will look at Google's approach and kind of take a deeper dive. And we'll try to do that in like 15 minutes, because we have Surabhi who's going to come and give an awesome demo. And then Florian is going to talk about the customer case study. All right, let's understand, let's start by understanding kind of the challenges that customers face managing security and compliance in the cloud. So ideally, what customers really want is they want, they deeply care about reducing their risk. And that risk can be a security risk, a compliance risk, privacy risk. And what they need to be able to do is express their risk reduction intent, right? They want to be able to apply that in a very flexible manner. They want to ideally enforce that. And if they can't enforce it, at least be able to detect all kinds of misconfigurations, risk accept, or remediate them. And last but not the least, essentially prove either to their organization, their leadership, or external auditors, regulators, that they've done the right thing. And that is a very important step that we've realized as we talk to lots of customers. So, and that risk isn't confined to a single area. You know, it spans kind of the lowest depth of the infrastructure that is offered by the cloud provider. It's all the workloads that the customer, you know, has set up. It's all the data that their applications are generating. The risk, you know, exists in all of those places. And the other aspect of it is you don't have, you know, multiple personas are working towards kind of navigating that IT landscape, that application landscape. So everyone on the team needs to have that single view of risk and remediation, whether you are the cloud engineer, the SRE, the CISO, or a GRC persona. You know, the things that are done on day one potentially affect things that happen on day N as well. And regardless of the layers, right, that risk tends to be the same. So let's talk about Google's approach to kind of addressing this problem or simplifying this problem. What we're trying to do is offer, bring the security and compliance persona together and offer an end-to-end security privacy compliance for configuration, monitoring, audit across your infrastructure workload and data. So that's a lot of, that's a mouthful. So what exactly do I mean by that? I'll talk about it, right? So essentially, there is going to be a single way to express your intent, right? Whether it's, you know, you want to express your compliance posture, your security posture, your privacy posture, a single way to express that, you know, an ability to configure and enforce it, an ability to monitor it, you know, risk accept, et cetera. And then the same intent that you've expressed also allows you to generate evidence of compliance towards that intent, right? So it's all rolled into one. So let's take a deeper dive into the core concepts, right? So what we've seen is essentially, if you look at, you know, the landscape, our customers come in like two distinct personas or two categories of personas. On one hand, you have the compliance persona who, you know, slightly non-technical, but they care more about the regulations and they look at the world through those regulations. So for example, they might care more about, you know, NIST-853 is made up of control family, AC, AU, SC, and within that, you have individual controls. And these are controls expressed in, you know, in not in a programming language, this legal sort of language, right? And they map to a set of process-related ones and a set of very technical things that needs to be, you know, guarded against or set. And, but the security persona essentially cares about those technical components of those controls. So they would care about, you know, setting CMAQ or setting the right TLS version or, you know, expressing some other technical policy as a cell expression. Our job, and so these two personas, their lives are intertwined. And what we are trying to do is model that relationship between the compliance persona and the security persona. And the way we are doing this is kind of by introducing like two new, two constructs. Essentially, there's the construct of a framework that can be used to model any industry defined regime or framework or standard. For example, NIST 800, CSA, CCM, you know, or FedRAMP high or IL4, IL5, or, you know, pick your country and your regime and kind of any framework there. It could also be used to model Google defined best practices around security and compliance. And last but not the least, you as a customer can actually model your own framework depending on what your risks are and how you want to kind of address those problems, right? So that's one, the framework. Where the rubber meets the road is a cloud control. A cloud control, think of it as a Lego block, a cloud agnostic Lego block, which where you express your enforcement logic or your monitoring logic or the logic to generate evidence of the fact that you are complying against towards something, right? So it's frameworks and cloud controls. Let's dive deeper a little bit into this because this is a key concept. So a cloud control, you know, as I said, is that Lego block. It's cloud agnostic. And what you can do is, you know, whether you have, you want to express something using an org policy or an IM policy, or you want to write a complex cell expression or a regular expression, any of these can be folded into a cloud control, right? So that's where the thing. So it can be a part of one or more frameworks. You know, it has certain standard attributes, name, family, et cetera. You know, you can have the logic for preventative, detective, as well as audits, right? So that's what a cloud control. So what Google will do is it'll offer you a set of built-in cloud controls. Customers themselves can create their own cloud controls. So if you come from a world of SEC and you're used to SHA and posture management, then cloud control is, think of it as SHA.next. And a framework is, you know, kind of the posture.next. So this is an example of kind of, you know, framework and cloud control coming together, a collection of cloud controls. You know, you can have, you know, policies that you can group together, right? Let's say you want to have a control that checks, you know, multiple resource types, right? The conditions of multiple resources, or you want to write a more complex regular expression, things like that. So that's how you kind of do a cloud control. I have a few simple examples, right? So a very simple cloud control could be, I want to make sure that my workload and data is spun up only in a set of regions in Google Cloud. So there is an org policy called location org policy. You could create a cloud control, or you will have a cloud control out of the box that is parameterized and lets you set, say, US East 1, US East 2 as your location. Somebody else could set Frankfurt and Paris as their location, and your workloads will live only there, right? Similarly, you know, a security persona who cares about TLS could decide, you know, use the cloud control that relates to TLS. And oh, by the way, that's also something that's used in the NIST 853 framework, right? Google out of the box offers secure by default, and there are a whole bunch of policies in there, and these would be expressed as cloud controls. Yesterday, there was a session on data security. We'll be offering a whole bunch of data security frameworks, and those have cloud controls too. And, you know, I'm just citing some example of a data security cloud control. So in summary, like what happens essentially is, you know, we have three features that we've kind of brought together under one umbrella. You know, the ability to, A, express all of your intent, be able to configure, set it, monitor it, and audit it. Let's just quickly kind of go through each of them, but I'll spend a little bit more time on kind of the audit part of it. So as I said, you know, you're able to assess, kind of set the configuration, and, you know, we will have a library, a comprehensive library of frameworks and cloud controls. You'll be able to deploy these in multiple modes. You can customize, you know, and you can apply them at different scopes. You can apply them at a resource level, project level, folder level, or at an entire org level. And Surve is going to go into the details of that. The same for monitoring, you know, any framework that you've applied, you'll be able to monitor it, you'll be able to risk accept, etc., right? Whether it's custom or standard. Now, let's go a little bit into kind of deeper dive into audit manager. So that's because that's a relatively new functionality that our customers so far have really liked. So what it allows you to do is, at any point in time, whether you're an application development team, you are an internal auditor, or you're owner of an application, and, you know, either on a regular basis or at least once a year, you know, you have external auditors, regulators who want to make sure that you are SOC 2 or ISO or some other framework compliant. Where audit manager helps you is, it helps you generate that evidence that you are doing the right thing. And that, what we've learned talking to our customers is that it's great that, you know, the security and compliance product tell you about all your misconfigurations. But the act of generating evidence that you're doing the right thing is non-trivial. It takes a lot of time. And that's why we kind of invested in this capability. So essentially, you know, whether you are a GRC person, whether you're a compliance manager and engineering RS, SRE, like, you know, audit manager has a use for all of you, right? And the way, essentially, it works, the workflow is, you know, you are able to define your compliance standards just like the one we just showed before, like defining your intent. You can view the responsibility matrix, you can run compliance assessments, you get the proof, and you can identify the gaps, you can fix them, but you get all of these stuffs. So essentially, what audit manager is helping you do is, if you look at a typical compliance audit process, all of these steps takes about three to four months every year. Audit manager drastically simplifies that. It brings it to like days and weeks. So different teams can run these audits at different phases. For example, if someone is trying to deploy an application into from dev to staging, they might want to decide, you know, run audit manager to see how compliant they are, and then decide over the next, you know, month or month and a half, do a whole bunch of other things before they move it to production. If you have a GRC persona who needs to generate evidence of audit, what they might do is, they might want to run some pre-audits, and then come to the SRE or the cloud engineering folks and say, hey, I ran some pre-audits. These are some gaps that I found that we need to address before the actual auditors come in. Can you address it? That is so much better experience than going directly to a technical person and saying, I want evidence, right? So that's the thing that it helps. And I think Maferen is going to talk about that. So now I'd like to hand it over to Surabhi to kind of go through a demo of everything that we're building out. Over to you, Surabhi. Thank you, Deep. Hi, everyone. I'm Surabhi. I'm a product manager with Google Cloud. And today I'm going to showcase some of the capabilities we are building as part of compliance manager. Before that, let me say a big thanks to you for coming for a Friday morning session. I know it's hard, but you know what else is hard? Compliance. With changing regulations all the time, and more and more data and resources going into the cloud, it is a challenging task to protect our organizations from heavy penalties, from reputational damage, and all kinds of business risks. So we have tried to design a solution which not only aims at keeping you compliant, but also tries to simplify your end-to-end journey and your efforts conforming to the different frameworks. So let's get started. I will be showcasing four key features. Managing a standard framework, customizing a framework, creating custom controls, and running an audit assessment. And we will be taking a scenario to see how it all comes together in a practical situation. So let's switch to the demo screen. All right. So let's take a scenario. We have Joe, who is a security architect with a financial services company, let's say Acme Bank Corp. And Acme Bank Corp is deploying their first project on Google Cloud. And they have a lot of customer data, so of course they're apprehensive. And Joe has the responsibility of making sure that all risks are covered. So Joe on boards to compliance manager, and the first thing he sees is the controls and framework library. So as you can see, there are different frameworks ranging from AI protection, CIS, data security, FedRAMPi, and also there is a list of cloud controls for different use cases. You can browse through the library, or you can simply search for something that you're looking for, for example, logging, and you can go into details of what the cloud control is checking. So here, this is how it looks like. So it has simple details, and it also shows you the exact expression that it is evaluating. So you have complete visibility over what your environment is scanning about. Okay. So let's go back to Joe's initial intent of protecting Acme Bank Corp. And the first step typically is to identify a framework which he wants to conform to. So let's pick something foundational, something which is a starting point, like CIS version 3.0. And the first thing he wants to do is to see how his environment is functioning as per the framework. So this is the monitoring dashboard where you see the compliance score, which is the percentage of controls passing, which is the state of compliance in a given point in time. But we also have a historical trend graph, which you can see the pattern of compliance over the last few weeks. And hopefully it's not as dynamic as the demo one. But scrolling further, you can see a whole list of all the controls, all the requirements, which are part of the framework. And corresponding, you can see the cloud control. How this helps is, this is our translation of the legal language or the security language that the framework is using, and how we have translated into the exact check we are performing on the environment. And we have a feature where you can even customize the check. So you have complete control over how you want to interpret a particular framework. But let's say Joe is not in an analysis mode, and he's more in an action mode. So we have also a findings view where you can see all the prioritized findings. And you can get into the details of the finding and see what was detected, what is the resource about, and also the remediation steps. And do this day in and day out to make sure that your environment is always healthy against a particular standard framework. So that is the first feature, like the simple vanilla feature that we have for compliance. But things get complicated. As Acme Bank Corp is growing, let's say it acquires a smaller regional bank, and then it comes into purview of more regulations. And then the leadership mandate that Joe has is to make sure that all the sensitive data related risks are covered. So but with compliance manager, you're not logged into a specific framework, you can completely open it up. And that brings us to the second feature, which is customizing the framework. So you can simply go into actions, you can go into the customization, you can like just give it some basic details. In this case, we say Acme version of CISGCP. And that's it, you will go back to the library, and you can add whatever controls you want. So in our case, Joe is going to search for sensitive data. And he sees a bunch of controls already present in the library. And he can go and see what are available for GCP. And let's say he wants to add all of them. And you can also remove controls, because we know that not everything is a priority. So let's say something is not relevant, you can go ahead and remove it. And now you get a framework which is much more relevant to your situation right now. And but but sometimes it can happen that there is an internal policy, which is very specific to your organization. And if you search in the library, you don't find that control. In that case, what compliance manager gives you is an ability to write your own custom controls. And that is the third feature that I'm going to showcase. So you can go into a simple form. And you can fill in the logic, which we support cell expression, we support rego expression, and you can enter all the details, and you're good to go. But this requires some technical expertise. And for that, let's say Acme Bank Corp has to recruit some more people, or Joe has to go through a learning curve. And that is why we have a cool thing, which no surprises is related to AI. So there is a small widget on top of the form that says create with Gemini. And you can use natural language prompts to create cloud controls. So in this case, Joe wants to flag all compute instances which are using default service accounts. And he just writes it in that way. And if you click generate, just like that, you have a cloud control with everything pre-filled. So you can give it an ID so that you can search for it later. And rest of it is all pre-filled for you. You can review all the details. You can even go into the expression and change or add anything if you're looking, if you want. And you can adjust certain parameters. You can adjust the severity. You can give it remediation instructions. And you're good to go. So that makes us, that makes our framework completely tailor-made to our organization. In this case, Acme Bank Corp's upcoming assessment. So just to do a quick recap, we started with a standard framework, CIS. We opened it up. We added sensitive data controls. We removed some controls. And we created a brand new custom control. Now comes the scary part, which is the assessment. So usually this is the most stressful time for Joe. Because first of all, he has to understand each control's evidence generation criteria and then go ahead and scramble for all those reports and then collate everything and prepare for it. It takes weeks and it is also very strenuous on all the team members. But as Deeph mentioned, a cloud control has inbuilt evidence data. And so it's a cloud control. And so it's a cloud control. And so it's a cloud control. And as the cloud control is configured, it is already generating evidence. So let's go to the last final feature of Compliance Manager, which is audit, also known as audit manager. So before the audit, you can monitor your newly created framework. You do the day in and day out to make sure that when the audit time comes, you're not surprised. So I'm just looking for my created framework. I go back to the monitoring dashboard and I see, okay, is something changed? I can see, like, a little bit of change in the percentage. I'll just see if my new control is looking good. It's a custom control. It has the expression. Everything looks good. And I'm ready for the assessment. All right. So in audit manager, the assessment takes only a few clicks. So you specify the scope, you specify your newly created framework, which has all the controls that you're looking for. And that's it. It will take some time to generate the report. So I'm going to show you something which is pre-downloaded. It has all the controls. It will also give you, if anything needs, an additional manual review. And you can go into individual control and you can see more details of the requirement. And the evidence will be collected into a GCS bucket, which the location of which you can specify during the audit. All right. So that wraps up the journey of Joe and Acme Bank and their compliance efforts. I hope that feels like now compliance feels less of a burden and you can use it to your strategic advantage. Thank you for your time. And we also have a booth in the security hub. So please feel free to drop in and I'll be happy to answer any questions there. So thank you guys. Now I invite Florian from Deutsche Börse to talk about his experience of audit manager. Thank you very much, Sarabi, for the great presentation. Last year, we were here at Next and heard for the first time about audit manager. And back then, sort of the last part that Sarabi presented was visible. And you can imagine our excitement about being able to run audits in an automated way and create evidences. And it's great to see that now the way sort of backwards from the end result to configuring the controls has matured so much over the last year. Before I get into our story, I want to quickly tell you a bit about Deutsche Börse and why this whole topic is important to us. And I'll keep this very quickly. Deutsche Börse is a global company in a business in which trust is the elementary element. What we do is based on trust. Deutsche Börse is the largest stock exchange operator in Europe, a bit like the European Wall Street, you can imagine. But Deutsche Börse is a lot more than just a stock exchange. We run a derivatives house like the CME. We run a securities central securities depository. It's called Clearstream. It's where all the the transactions are settled. And what they all have in common is it's based on trust. I took a bit of a pun saying, well, providing services in a highly regulated industry since 1585. Back then, obviously, there was not that much regulation, but we do trace our routes back to 1585 in Frankfurt, actually. And actually, our purpose is also we create trust in the markets of today and tomorrow. And so this hits very well. Of course, trust is one part. And where you need trust, that's also where where regulators are becoming active because there's a need to protect the public, right? And consequently, each of our businesses is supervised by numerous regulators and numerous regulations. I pinned down a few that are relevant for us here. Actually, if you if you were in a presentation from my colleague Christian yesterday, you saw a slide with even more regulations. And we could make this an excel sheet with hundreds of regulations. But these are the most important ones that sort of are relevant for us in the cloud environment. And what the regulators like is trust. But what they like even more is evidence. And so there you are beginning to get get the feeling why why why why this is so so compelling to us. But before before moving on, I also wanted to make sure that you understand that Deutsche Börse is a global company, right? So we're not only based in Germany, not only in Europe, where we're by now a global company with big footprint in Asia, big footprint in North America. So that will make the regulatory game even more complex. So we will be exposed to even more regulatory and challenges in the future. So that that that makes it so much compelling to to have a tool that allows you to to incorporate more regulatory frameworks. And as as a global company, global corporation, we're also very happy to have partnered with Google Cloud for the last two years in what we consider an innovation play. So we are really in a game of innovating together. And initially, as you can see, we were thinking about innovating and data and analytics and building a digital marketplace and building a digital securities platform. And we we are. That's exactly what we're doing. We did not really have it in our books that we would call innovate also in the area of governance and compliance. Yeah. But since since last year, we're also doing that. And that's actually a cool story that we're also in this in this call, which is not always the the funky bit. It's not generating any revenues, but it's sort of it gives us a license to operate. And it's not really that funny or not not that strange, really, that that that we would be innovating in that, because when you look at this this this this this admittedly data from 2023, what are what are the big challenges for public cloud transformation? It really is all in in the compliance and governance area. So this is really where you can where you can make a difference and win this game. And I think even though this is from 2023, if we're looking at the geopolitical situation that has has even rather increased until now. Yeah. On top of all these challenges, we got a another challenge, and that is from our CEO who told us, well, we're going to the cloud and I want you to build a 100 percent automated control plane. So I mean, with any good vision, we looked at him and said, well, what does that mean? What is a 100 percent automated control plane? How do we get there? No idea what it looks like, no idea how to get there. But with sort of our German engineering mindset, we said, OK, let's let's start with defining what is 100 percent. And this is sort of this this this slide gives a bit the groundwork that that inspires us on our journey to to the audit manager. We said, well, let's make sure that all our internal rules, all our internal controls fit to what the regulators need. Step one. Step two. We compared that to make sure that what we want for the cloud journey fits to the regulatory needs. Then we said, well, does it fulfill what we need for the cloud? So we brought in the CSA CCM as the framework, as you saw in the slides from from people. So there are multiple frameworks. We chose CSA CCM to compare against that. To see if our controls are fit for for the for the cloud world. And luckily, there were no major gaps. But surprisingly, there were some overlaps in in our control framework because we had multiple control frameworks. And then we had the smart idea together with some external help to build a harmonization layer in the middle where we consolidate all the controls. Still, the idea, how do we get to the 100 percent that we want to control and map that back to the CSA CCM? And now I think you're beginning to see where where where where the pieces will will start falling together when we have sort of our whole internal control requirements map to CCA CCM. And we then have a tool that allows us to map controls against CCM. Then all of this comes together, of course. And that fits to to to to to the journey that that the audit manager and the whole compliance tool is on. We also said we're not only controlling at the at the end where we're starting at the front. We also have X under controls, as I call them, which are implemented through Sentinel policies and now in our deployment process. We have a CNAP tool to monitor things. But then on top, we have the SEC audit manager to to collect the evidences for the automation. And that is sort of the the the whole basis, the whole conceptual basis. And now I brought you three examples on how how we're using the audit manager. And I went on purpose, not with some of the security stuff and not the things that Zerabi showed. And I brought three custom built controls that sort of we built together with Google into our into our into our audit manager deployment, which over the last year we built together. So, Robbie showed you now we would be able to do this ourselves. Now, the three that I'm showing you, we built together. And the first one is under the under the change management domain, we said we want to make sure that only those services that we whitelisted are actually used. So we implemented a control that says, OK, these are the criteria based on which we whitelist our services. And then we have a whole list of services that is allowed to be used. And then we fed that into into into into the audit manager and say, OK, check that in the project only these services are used. You saw in the demo from from Zerabi how this works all. And then you get always the the reports and the evidence that the projects are not are complying with that. When I built the slides, I actually realized maybe I should have just brought something where it shows we're compliant. Because, again, with this one, we're focusing on on the findings right to resolve. But the more interesting thing is actually showing you that you're 90 percent, 95 percent compliant. Right. That's the German mind you're looking for for the error, not for the for the 95 percent good stuff. So this is one that we've built. The second one that we've built is in the in the tagging and labeling domain. We want all our resources to be tagged with certain tags mandatory to be able to to manage the the resources based on that tags. Elementary that tags tags are then set according to rules and are there. And that's also then what we built in. We said, OK, these are sort of the minimum tags to be said. And now we have a control that tells us which which resources do not fulfill these tags. Of course, you could also ex ante implement that. But as you know, there are also always cases where resources are deployed where it makes sense to afterwards check that this is fulfilled. And the last one that I brought along, and that's actually a cool one. It's about backups and that backups are stored. And now it's sort of we have a bit of a chain effect because we we want backups to be to be stored according to the criticality of resources. Now, we have a rule set that says check the tags to make sure that on the tag side we're good. And now on top of that, we can build a control that says my my backups are actually executed based on the criticality accordingly. It's a bit of a simple screen that was a bit more complex to show, but that's basically the idea. And that that's that's really nice how you can can start to to connect and bring these things together. Yes. But we're not when we're not we're not we're not finished. Yeah, I'm not going to tell you that we that we are have achieved the 100 percent automated control plane. This is this is not where we are. As you saw, the roadmap is developing and we're happy to to continue working on that. What we are now working on is actually a rollout plan of this, because at the moment we as the cloud governance team are using this. We're working on a rollout plan together with Google to also bring this to our developers in this shift left idea that they can run these controls before before we run the controls and then generate the audit evidence. So that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that we're working on this this shift left and continue to brought to brought to brought to brought to provide feedback also to Google. Finally, I don't want to leave the stage without giving a shout out to to the people who worked on that. The great the great teams of the Google consulting colleagues and also the product manager. And in the meantime, even more people like Amon, like Stefan, that that that I didn't cover on the slides. But it's it's been it's been a thrill over these last 12 months to work on that. And it's great to see how not only our ideas, but also other ideas help to to form the the audit manager. And sort of we started at the end doing doing the controls at the end. And I think it always makes sense to think from the end and now think this through and use the same controls at the beginning. When you deploy something is really a great prospect and will help us greatly to to continue using using Google Cloud and build the automated evidences that we need in our trust based company. With that, I would like to and there's also a blog post about that if you want to read read more more about that what we did them. With that, I would like to invite deep and Robbie back on stage. And we would be happy to take some question. Everybody. Thanks.