 . And, okay, now my voice was a little better. Welcome, everybody, to day one of Cloud Next. Hope you had a great day so far. We are so happy to have you here. And thank you for joining today's session, which is all about stopping data exfiltration. I mean, the secret here is this is the best session of the three days. So, congrats that you're all here. This session is all about just a few simple things. It's about helping you understand the risks that you're all facing as security professionals today, identify the threats that cause these risks, and empowering you with knowledge and tools to actually keep your data secure. So, thank you for joining us. My name is Sri. I'm a product manager in Google. Oh, I'm Mutu. I'm a product manager with Google Cloud as well. And for this session, we are also joined by Christian, who's a CISO at Toysbosch. We have Christian. As mentioned earlier, we have a jam-packed agenda for you. It's jam-packed, action-packed, and hopefully keeps you interested throughout. The first thing that we're going to do is to expose the digital urgency that we are all going through today. And once we start with that, we want to walk you through how an attack actually happens, what are the spearhead for such attacks, and what are the approaches that Google offers to mitigate and prevent these kind of attacks. Finally, after all the theory, we'll have Christian come in and talk about how his organization implements using Google's tools and techniques to secure their organization. So, are we all ready? Yeah! Sorry, I've got to do all these things. 16.8 billion, 3.4 billion, 292 days, 9.36 million. What are these? What do these numbers actually mean? Are these just random numbers on a dramatic opening slide to have you all interested? Actually, it is a dramatic slide, but the numbers are not random. 16.8 billion records were stolen in 2024. And the going rate of a record is about $165. So, this amounts to $3.4 trillion that were lost because of data breaches in 2024, in terms of just the record value. Now, the other number is equally shocking. 3.4 billion phishing emails were sent last year. Now, that's a staggering number. To put this in context, that's about 6,500 emails sent out every minute. Or, by the time I complete this slide, you'll probably have about 8,000 phishing emails that are sent out. Or, if you want to think about it differently, for an organization with 1,000 people, that's about one email every six minutes. 292 days, it's another shocking number. That's close to a year. So, that is actually the time it takes, typically, to detect and contain a breach. And 9.36 million is the average cost of a data breach in the U.S. Now, these numbers are staggering. The numbers continue to increase every year as I present this slide. And this starts to highlight the reason why I'm saying we have a digital urgency around data breaches today. Now that we've established that, let's dive a little bit into how do these attacks actually happen? How do these breaches happen? What are the stages? Or, in other words, what's the anatomy of a breach? The first is an initial attack vector. This is almost the equivalent of a carpet bombing kind of experience. But the goal is to get a foothold into your org. The aim is to find the weakest link in the chain. And this happens via wide and varied means. Once a successful attack has been initialized, the next step that automatically happens is to identify places where your sensitive data or data of value truly exists. And this is almost always through lateral movement. Identify open ports. Identify ways to get east-west. Identify roles or identities with open privileges or wide permissions and go there. Once you get there, see what else is required to alleviate your privilege to be able to actually access the data. And then it's not immediately take the data out. In most cases, it's about lying in wait to ensure that there is nothing suspicious, nothing is detected by our sensors. And when you least expect it, the data is exfiltrated out. So we wanted to peel into each of these layers a little bit. Obviously, it's a 40-minute conversation to talk about a topic that we could have spent half a day talking about. But let's try and get into a little bit of detail. Now, the initial attack vector, the spearhead, which is most important, we started to look into how these vectors happen. And thanks to research by Ponemon Institute, it was quickly apparent that about 50-55% of these attacks are a form of phishing or credential theft. And of course, the initial attack vector can happen because of misconfigurations as well that can lead to, you know, open, public, accessible resources in your environment. But it's almost always phishing and credential theft. App vulnerabilities are also exploited, and we have an entire session on it that's happening at Next, which I'll have a link to later. And others constitute things like physical security breaches and so on and so forth. But the key point here is phishing and credential theft are what constitute about 55% of all attacks that actually lead to data breaches. Now, it looks simple when it's about two types of attacks, right? So, where the complexity comes is truly the five types or five vectors of attack that you saw in the previous slide are applied on various layers to which access can happen. Starting with the resource layer, the identity layer, the network layer, the application layer, all the way to the browser layer. So, what you need is a comprehensive response to these attacks. What you need is a response that requires not just looking at just one of these layers, but provide protection across all of these layers. GCP's goal is to be the most secure cloud among all of the options available to you, and we take this goal very seriously. So, we have a robust set of tools and collections, starting with simple things like IAM and ARG policy at the resource layer, going to capabilities such as context and risk-aware access and principle-access boundary in the identity layer. Moving on to protecting your application layer, whether it's over the public internet via Cloud Armor or privately using our identity-aware proxy solutions. Moving on forward, if it's the network layer, we have VPC service controls, which is a strong differentiator, along with ARG restrictions available to you. And beyond all this at the browser layer, we have the world's best browser in Chrome Enterprise Premium. What we have is a robust, layered, structured offering that operates 24 x 7, 365, to provide continuous protection against exfiltration. With that said, let's look at one attack vector, phishing, which is one of the initial attacks we talked about. What happens with phishing, based on just data that I saw yesterday, 57% of organizations face phishing attacks every week. This is extremely scary to me, which means one in two organizations here at Next would be a target of a phishing attack just this week. Defending against phishing threats requires robust response, and we offer the response in layers. As mentioned earlier, at your browser layer, which is where most of your users start to experience phishing in some form or the other, we have Chrome Enterprise Premium, which is industry's best secure enterprise browsing tool. It offers real-time threat detection based on signals it receives from all its users globally, and it provides to you an elegant browser-based solution to address these threats. On top of it, based on Chrome's safe browsing technology, we also deliver AI-powered phishing protection, which is built especially to handle phishing attacks. So at the browser layer, you are pretty strongly protected with Chrome Enterprise Premium. But what happens beyond that? What about your devices? An often asked question to me, which comes from this challenge and risk is, Sri, I want my devices to be only able to access my Google environments. I fear that if my devices are able to access an external Google environment, that could be an environment that could be a malicious org. Addressing this was what we developed org restriction headers for. It's a very simple solution. You prevent access to unauthorized Google orgs from your company-managed devices, and you do that by deploying a header that you attach to your egress proxy and to your Google Cloud org as well. At that point, any access from your devices that hit the Google Cloud org that has the header configured will be allowed. Any access with the header to any other Google org will be denied. So at a device level, you prevent your device from being able to access any org except your particular organization, or a combination of organizations that you have. However, if you take it the next step and look at your identity itself, how do you protect your principles? That is what principle access boundaries comes for. It is designed to restrict what your principles can access by building boundaries around them. Let me dive into that with a little bit more detail. Imagine a world where you are sitting and your boundary or your identity is something that's accessible anywhere. What you truly want to do is, in this world, you want to be able to restrict what your identities can talk to and be very specific about what that means. This is where the boundary definition of principle access boundaries come into play. You can define your boundaries in terms of org, folder, or project level granularity, and bind your principles to that granularity. So, for example, you can have your extended workforce only be able to access certain projects that they are allowed to access and not access anything else. And you can have all the principles in your organization itself. The key thing to note with principle access boundary is that this defines extents. It does not define grants. In other words, it is not allowing you to grant new access. It just defines the extent of access a principle can have. Now, we see principle access boundaries last year, and we started to build robust tooling on top of it. We have our entire policy simulator and troubleshooter tool suite available for you. And on top of that, we are rapidly increasing our service coverage. By the end of H125, we expect to have 50 of the top GCP services supported by principle access boundaries, and it will continue to grow with time. For those who are interested in learning more about PAB, I have a QR code here that you can get to, or you can use the deck later. With that, let's look at the next attack vector. Thank you, Sri. Yeah, so moving on to the next attack vector, arguably the most dangerous one, the, you know, the credential theft, right? So, attackers are lazy. I think just like us, right? I mean, we are all efficiency experts. Why would you spend weeks to figure out the zero-day exploit, figure out the vulnerabilities, figure out how you could actually get into the victim's organization if you could actually just walk into the front door as a legitimate user? It sounds scary, but this is now happening more often, right? So, one in every three attack today is boiling down to a credential theft, and, you know, but we have got you covered there. Let's see how. So, you know, again, the layered approach, the difference in depth that we started from, at an identity layer, you know, when it comes there, it's very similar to, you know, how you could think of your morning coffee. Like, you know, it's like some of us couldn't even survive. It's non-negotiable to not have a morning coffee to start with. Something similar is what is MFA today in security landscape, right? So, you know, MFA isn't just recommended anymore. In fact, we are making it mandatory. We are rolling it out in phases through 2025, and it is going to become mandatory for your org very soon. So, in addition to that, if you just leave your session open, right? So, if your session is not set to expire or if your session is too long, you are just making the life of an attacker very easy because you are just giving them a persistent access. Right? So, that's where we strongly encourage you to leverage the session controls that we offer that can help you to set appropriate session timeouts combined with, you know, powerful re-authentication methods like having your security key to have your user sign in when the session times out. So, at the next level, at an application layer level, we offer the next control. I would like to talk about CAA or context-aware access. I am sure some of you may be already using it. Right? So, CAA when combined with IAP, that is identity-aware proxy, can help you to protect your use cases of access to apps and VMs. Right? And the same CAA control, when actually combined with console and API access policy, at an org level, it can help you protect your access to Google Cloud services. And when combined, you know, when combined next with the VPC-SC perimeters, it can actually, you know, help protect your access at the perimeter level as well. So, what does CAA enable? CAA is actually an attribute-based control. It can help you set several attributes like, for example, you know, your device policy, your IP ranges, for example. You can set a set of IP ranges that you want to either allow or deny. And then it is, only that access context is going to be allowed for your access as per your condition. Right? So, one thing that you would have noticed by now is that a lot of these controls that we have is very powerful, but these are working based on preset conditions. You are determining a set of conditions at each level based on which an access is allowed or denied. Right? So, at every level. Right? But, what if a user starts exhibiting unusual activity? Right? So, this is a legitimate user, user of your organization. Right? So, they have, you know, gone through their authentication checks. They have gone through their authorization checks. But now, they are, you know, starting to showcase an unusual activity. Now, what happens? Right? So, here is what happens in a typical organization. Right? So, all things that they are trying to do ends up in, you know, cloud audit logs. Now, your SIM system will capture many of these actions that they are performing. And these actions are going to end up in your, you know, as findings, for example. Right? Right? Now, your SOC team has to get on top of these findings. They need to put together all of these findings to figure out what really this user is up to. You know, come to a conclusion of whether this user is actually trying to do something malicious. And then decide to either suspend this account or to force a credential, you know, reset, for example. But by then, what has happened is that the time is lost. In a typical organization, we see that this process can take anywhere up to at least a week, if not more. So, what we bring to you is, what if there was a possibility to detect such behavior threats at scale, and also automatically intervene in a way that is not disrupting your business. Right? So, you know, what if this could happen? And that's exactly where we would, you know, today announce the ITDR with context-aware access. ITDR, that is, identity, threat, detection, and response, as a new feature and functionality available as part of context-aware access controls that we were just talking about, where you could set IP conditions. Right? So, in addition to allowing you to set your conditions like IP conditions, the geography that you are allowing access to or denying access to, now it is possible for you to set also what we call the risk conditions. That is, you know, access from malicious IPs as powered by, for example, the Google threat intelligence. Right? So, access from atypical location. Or, suspicious actions as defined by MITRE framework. Right? So, you know, these are kind of things that you could look for in a user session. And, if the session is, you know, deemed to be risky, it is possible now to automatically intervene at scale with set actions or predetermined actions that you could choose as admins. That is from actions like the MFA, you know, or to have a deny, or to even deny access or to have a re-authentication, having them to go through the full re-authentication process or bring up their pass keys, for example. Right? So, this is what is going to be possible. Now, that's not all with the good news that we had to share. You know, it is now, you know, it is going to be available soon in preview. And, if you are interested to check this out for your organization, I would strongly encourage you to scan this QR code and do sign up. We will be more than happy to get you on board and get your org the access to the ITDR with context-aware access. Okay? So, with that, let me call back Sri. Thanks, Papu. All right. We spent a little bit of time going through a collection of our capabilities that address phishing and credential theft. Now, if you remember, while they constitute 50% of the initial attacks, we also have to go and think about what happens after. How is the internal spread looking like? And that's where network attacks come into play. This is important. I know I'm throwing another number at you, but this is an important number nonetheless. 70% of all security breaches involve lateral movement techniques. If you think about it, it makes sense. We ensure that our critical resources are protected. The problem comes in with those few resources, those few identities that are not as critical, where we don't have as many protections. That's the way the foot in the door happens. And from there, if lateral movement is allowed, you get to your critical, the attacker gets to your critical resources. Again, to thwart network attacks, GCP offers a robust collection of tools between networking and security. But the key themes are as follows. First is to lock down your org as much as possible, which is restrict public IP exposure as much as possible in your environment. Our policies provides you with a great framework to do that. We can leverage our pre-built constraints. We have a lot of those that's designed to disallow public IPs, so you limit where it's, first of all, exposed. And our tools like SCC can allow you to scan for attack parts in your environment continuously and assess and identify risks. At the same point, when you want to think about controlling infiltrations into your network, you've got to think about this again in layers. So if you want to regulate access on your network, our firewall, both our FW at the application layer and our cloud firewall, this is something that you can attach to your VPCs. And you can use IAP and Cloud Armor, IAP is standing for Identity Aware Proxy, to protect your private and public applications at the application layer. However, when you want to extend this beyond your Google APIs, that is where VPC SC or VPC Service Controls comes into play. It will allow you to create targeted access rules to limit inbound connectivity to your Google APIs. On the other side of this coin, which is mitigating exfiltration, we similarly have a collection of network controls, including but not limited to our cloud SWIP, that can limit, restrict, and control what your outbound traffic is and where it actually goes to. And this is complemented effectively by VPC SC again with its targeted access rules that limit any outbound connectivity to Google APIs. So using a combination of VPC SC, our VPC and network security controls, and our policies, we can provide a robust layered infrastructure to plot network attacks or lateral expansion in your environment. Now, of the lot, I want to spend a little bit of time on VPC SC. Let me just ask, how many of you here are familiar with VPC SC in the room? OK, that's about a good 50%, 60%. That's great to see. VPC SC is a unique and marquee feature that GCP offers. Its whole purpose is to mitigate data exfiltration risk, and it achieves that by allowing you to create boundaries around your Google-managed services. These boundaries, as soon as they create, just do two things. The boundaries ensure that all the resources within the boundary can communicate with each other without any interruption. All access that cross perimeter boundaries to these resources are blocked at once, as soon as the boundary is created. It's unforgiving in that sense. But you can create very granular specific ingress and egress rules to allow just what you want to be accessible across this boundary. The whole goal here is to act as an IAM backstop. If you think of this in terms of layers, in the event that your identity gets compromised, VPC SC becomes the next backstop. We've been investing heavily in VPC SC, and I do hope for the folks who raised their hands, they see that in action. Both in terms of service coverage, we have not of 200 services right now. We almost always, at this point, no new service out of GCP actually goes into GA without VPC SC support in it. But we've also been spending a lot of time and energy in every aspect of the product. Whether it's in terms of granularity of rules, where we support groups now in your ingress and egress rules, and we are in preview with the support for roles and permissions. Whether in terms of simplicity, where we are bringing in a violation dashboard and a violation analyzer, both in preview, available for you, with the whole goal of making your management experience with the product easier. Or in terms of simple improvements to the product, whether it's something like adding a title to a role itself. So we've been looking at VPC SC in full depth to ensure that we make this as easy as possible for you to use, and as robust as possible in your environment. If you want to learn about violation analyzer, which is one of the new things that's in preview that I am really excited about, use the QR code here. Again, I know we have a bunch of QR codes. You don't need to take everything. Just choose the ones that you want. With that, let me call Muthu again. We've done a lot of talking, so let's see some action. Thank you, Sri. Okay, so let's switch back quickly to our demo screen. Yeah. So, we have talked a lot about, you know, attackers and what's really happening, right? So, and the defense in depth strategy. Now, let's bring up this org, the Fictitious Financial Services Provider symbol, which has implemented the defense in depth strategy with them. Right? So, they have used some of the controls that we showcase today. You know, and let's see what happens when the attacker is trying to get into this org. Right? So, the attacker's goal is to steal the sensitive information from this org. You know, all right, and you know, as usual, the very first attempt they are going to do is to send out the phishing email, the most standard way to try to target any organization. So, they are actually sending out a set of, you know, phishing email to a set of users in their org to see if someone is clicking in. Unfortunately, one of the users actually clicked in, you know, clicked in onto the email and they were actually taken to the attacker's org. Right? So, what happens is when you click into this link, you know, and if they had been previously added to another organization, it's possible that the user can just directly go to that org. And if they are not noticing, they could end up uploading an information that they are not supposed to or that they are not part of, for example. Right? So, for that, there is a path that is set up by this organization. That is the principle access boundary that denies access to any resources outside the organization boundary explicitly. And hence, you know, when they are trying to access, they are not able to and they are actually seeing this error which alerts this user that, hey, you are not in the place that you are supposed to be. Right? Okay? So, now, the attacker tries the next attempt. They try to, you know, get to that, the more scary number that we talked about, that is the credential theft. So, they were able to steal credentials of this user Tom here. You know, they are able to log in as a legitimate user, you know, and the attacker is exploring the system. You know, see that he is able to get to buckets and that the attacker is now extremely happy because they actually found something sensitive. Right? So, they saw a bucket and they are trying to see how they can actually get this data out of the organization. Right? So, they are getting onto the cloud cell. They are executing a copy command to the bucket that they own. But now, this bucket is outside the perimeter of what the symbol has set up around the project that holds this bucket. Right? Now, what happens? VPCSC kicks into action. Right? So, VPCSC prevents the attacker's data exfiltration. Right? So, you know, now the attacker is really frustrated. They had to find some other way and means. Right? So, they often try to come into now, okay, if I am not able to get the data out, let me at least cause some harm. Can I delete a few accounts? Can I create a few service accounts so I can have persistence? Right? So, they go on to try what are the things that is possible for me to do in this organization. And in the process, they end up generating a bunch of IAM errors because symbol.org again has followed right sizing for Tom. And even though the attacker had access to Tom's credentials, they were actually not able to do some of these bad actions because IAM was preventing. But in the process, they generated a lot of errors and that leads them, you know, that's where the ITDR kicks in. That, you know, they have been generating a bunch of high privilege actions and denied access errors. And that led them to the passkey request as brought up by ITDR at real time. Right? So, now, the attacker does not have access to the Tom's passkey and they could not get in. Right? So, yeah. So, that's defense in depth strategy attacks that we just saw. Right? So, let's now switch back quickly to the slides. Yeah? So, let's do a very quick recap. I would like just to bring back to the defense in depth visual that we started in Fram. Right? So, you know, attacks can happen at any of these levels, but we have got you covered across the spectrum. Right? So, if you, you know, I would, we strongly encourage you all to adapt a defense in depth strategy and leverage the controls that we demonstrated today. For example, the VPC service controls. We looked at principal access boundaries, how that was blocking access within a boundary of resources that you could create into. And the context-aware access. More importantly, we also looked at the launch announcement for ITDR. The upcoming preview feature, if you are interested, you should definitely sign up and get access to. Right? So, you should, and if you are interested to go into more details about these attack vectors and the different controls that we talked about, there is a full length white paper which details out all these controls for you. This is, I have right here linked directly to the white paper's PDF. This is an interesting read and I strongly recommend. You can just click in and directly go into this white paper to read further. Okay? With that, I would like to invite Christian Ciso from Dice of Borset. Over to you, Christopher. Thanks a lot for having me and welcome from my side to Google Cloud Next 25. And I think we have seen a great demo and a lot of great information about VPCSC and similar technologies. So, now I will show you how you can implement this in the practice. And while this is, let's say, a little bit tricky to do, so I need to have your attention for the next 10-15 minutes and then beers are waiting downstairs. So, let's get it started. So, first of all, I'm the Chief Information Security Officer of Deutsche Borset. Deutsche Borset and Deutsche Borset is very hard to pronounce for everyone who is not coming from a German country. So, what does it actually mean? So, Deutsche actually stands for German and Borset just means stock exchange. It's actually quite easy. And so, our purpose is Deutsche Borset creates trust in the markets of today and tomorrow. And we have a global presence in roughly 60 different locations across the globe and bringing culture from all of these areas together. And so, we have overall 15,000 employees. And you could say our skill sets is between the Wall Street and the Silicon Valley and we cover everything in between. And our business model is to organize safe and efficient markets and to provide especially the technology to deliver products and services to our customers. And technology and technology innovation is actually part of our DNA. So, let me show you what this means in detail. So, as an international exchange organization and innovative market infrastructure provider, we ensure capital markets that are fair, transparent, reliable and stable. So, you can see that our business areas cover trading and clearing, for example, with provision of market data, security services, fund services, also including fund data. And last but not least, investment management solutions, including index data, ESG data, and especially software as a service solutions. So, very close to software and IT development. Now, we have just heard about data exfiltration. And now, I don't know what you have heard about Deutsche Group or German Stock Exchange, but there's a difference between data sharing and data exfiltration. And the difference is in knowing your partner you're going to share this data with. And talking about Deutsche Börse, we have a stark issue actually within the company because if you look at Deutsche Börse, the group consists of many different legal entities. If you count them, it's probably about 10 or 20 here. And we do not only have 10 or 20, we have more of them and more of them and more of them and even more of them. So, it's very hard to scale into knowing who's your partner and who's not your partner. And on top of that, we also have or face a lot of regulations. This is just a snapshot from these regulations. So, some examples from the EU like EMIR in the EU regulates derivatives and so on. Or on the top right, you see the EU AI Act for regulating artificial intelligence, which you have probably also heard of in the last days. But also, we have country specific regulations like EMIR in Germany or CSSF in Luxembourg. And finally, today, I want to deep dive a little bit into DORA, the Digital Operation Resilience Act to making businesses more resilient. What does this mean? Well, DORA is effective since January this year and it applies to all European financial services and institutes. And we need to make sure that we are resilient in our business operations but also our third parties. So, meaning our service providers we are consuming services of. But on the other hand, while talking about resilience, we also have information. And the issue with information is, if you think about it, in the end, information wants to be free. Information wants to be everywhere. And this terminology has been coined by Stuart Brand or you have also seen it from probably Phil Venables. And this is why you see data leaks being left and right because, again, data just tends to be everywhere. And if you don't manage your data very well, you know, it leaks left and right. So, what you can get in the end is data exfiltration. We've heard about it. Data exfiltration means illegitimate or illegal data movement from inside the organization to outside. And lateral data movement within the organization. But if you now look at the cloud technology, you have now a completely new threat landscape. You need to understand how does your applications work now on the cloud because you are shifting more and more towards just applications and data and not infrastructure anymore because of the shared responsibility. So, and also for software development, you're shifting left, shielding right, shifting down to bring security into the platform instead of your application. And last but not least, on the right hand side, we also have global resources because cloud is like everywhere. You can access it from everywhere. This means also attackers can access it from everywhere. And data sharing becomes inherently easy. So, back in the day, you know, sharing data or just sending data was like living in a castle. Everyone has its own room and it's very hard to go from one room to another room. But in cloud times, it's like at a convention, you can just approach anyone and it's their decision to talk to you or not. So, there's no perimeter in between. So, now let's imagine the following scenario. Let's imagine we have one hundreds of Google Cloud projects. And at the same time, we have 10,000 of different identities or principles. And on top of that, we have millions of resources on Google Cloud. And that's not the end. Even more, we have data, billions of data records on the cloud. And now, tying this all together, the question is, how can we solely control the data flow of all of these data within all of these resources, within all of these projects, who can all interact with each other? So, we need transparency, we want to know who communicates with whom. We want to have control, like define which kind of communication is allowed, which one is not. And we need completeness, because we need to cover all of them. If it's one or billion, it doesn't matter. So, we need to make another observation. This is, if you look into how cloud is being used, the more you use cloud, the more you go into cloud native solutions. And cloud native means solutions that are offered by the cloud service provider and which are special to this cloud service provider because they excel in it. For example, you can think of it like cloud storage, BigQuery, PubSub, and so on. And if you look into these services, actually, all of the IP traffic is completely not transparent to you. You don't see it at all. You're just interacting with the APIs. So, your modern use cases now leverage APIs instead of, back in the day's, IP addresses. And now, when you are talking about APIs, how are you actually calling these APIs? You're doing this with identities. So, you also need to understand zero trust. So, you need to identify who is going to call this API. What are the permissions of this identity and so on. So, to summarize, we need to understand zero trust. We need to understand API constructs. And we require somewhat a new technology because the existing technology like firewalls and so on will not work anymore. So, now, if you're a cloud security architect, this will make you probably happy. First thing is cross-organization identity control. Let's imagine we have the following. We have resources on Google Cloud, projects, folders, and organizations. Let's say for now we have three of them. Now, next, we're going to include a group-wide identity. First one on the left-hand side. A second one, a blue one on the middle. And a white one, sorry, a dark blue one with white background on the right one. Now, what's the difference between those? The left one, the first one, can access any resource within this organization. However, because of principle access boundaries, what you have just learned, this identity or principle cannot escape this organization. So, they cannot exfiltrate the data. Second, if you look to the one in the middle, they cannot even escape the folder. So, their scope is within a legal entity, as far as example, or within a project, or within an environment, just in production or just in a legal entity. But what's with the one on the right-hand side? Well, the point is, there is no principle access boundary. So, meaning, this identity can access everything. So, again, principle access boundaries from the inside to the outside. So, you see, this one can also access the organization in the middle or the resources in the middle. And now, the last question that you might ask is, okay, but what is with the blue identity from the right accessing the resources from the white one on the left? Like this arrow at the bottom. Again, no principle access boundaries, so there's no reason why this identity should not be able to access this data. And then we need, again, a new technology in here, which is an organization policy. And we need to use domain-restricted sharing to making sure that everything that comes in is also blocked. So, to summarize, to block identities from the inside to the outside, we need principle access boundary. And from outside to the inside, we need an organization policy. Now, a similar graph, but this is security about, we call it Atoma Zero Trust Segmentation. And this means, again, we have a similar setup. We have a bunch of projects. On the left-hand side, DevTest Production, Center DevTest Production, and the right-hand side, some sandboxes. We're grouping them into folders, and all of them are part of one Google Cloud organization. Now, we are going to use a new technology. Again, we need now to come from an identity-based level down to the resource level. And this is what you also have heard from Sweetjust about, was the VPC Service Control Parameter. And we are now wrapping each project within its own VPC Service Control Parameter, except of the sandboxes, because these are just sandboxes that can share data wherever and whatever they want. But now, how can they exchange data if they are now within these VPC AC parameters? Well, first of all, we need increase-egress rules. So we need to specify how the first project, for example, can write data or reach data from CloudStage. So I can specify the method that is being called, not only the service, like BigQuery CloudStage, but also the method, like read or write, and in which direction. And the other way around, I can say BigQuery should, for example, use external tables, which get data from DevProject2, the CloudStorage. Okay, that's easy. What's next? Now you might have, let's say, special identities, like CICD, for example, who need to access a lot of different projects. So here you need context-aware identities, who are able to reach a lot of different projects at once. That's also fair. What's next? We could have a second organization, for example, a second legal entity. How do you reach that? Again, you're using VPC Service Controls, because you have your VPC Service Controls in both organizations, and you just use your increase-equals rules. And last but not least, because we have the sandbox folder, actually you don't need e-creas-equals rules for that. They can just share anything, because within a service parameter, everything is trusted. Now, there are a lot of errors on this graph, what you see now, but there are a lot of errors also missing, because everything else, what you see, is just blocked. So there's no way to send data uncontrolled from any project to any other project. So in summary, it's always clear and always explicit who is communicating with whom. But what does this mean? And if you take this graph and map it to, let's say, an internal product, and call it dataflow registry, it actually becomes quite transparent. So what you're doing is, okay, if somebody needs to communicate with somebody else, you just ask, hey, can I get your data? And the other party just approves or denies. And whatever they do, it ends up in the dataflow registry. And the dataflow registry is just the sum, loosely speaking, of all increase and e-creas rules. So whenever, let's say, an auditor comes in and asks, hey, who is communicating with whom, or what's your communication flow internally, well, I have it there. It's a dataflow registry. And if I want to get certified or if I want to have an automated remediation, I have everything in one place and I can always see who is communicating with whom. And you can actually bind this also to IAM to make it a little bit more efficient. But in the end, the point is, if you do that, please keep in mind that IAM administration needs to be separated from the service control administration for segregation of duties. So to summarize, we want to have a holistic data exfiltration protection, and we have some design principles for that. So again, what was our motivation? We have global identities and given permissions. In general, give everyone the permission to access anything on the cloud. And each application can communicate with each other, with every other application. And the cloud native flow makes it actually easy to do that and works on API level. So existing IP solutions don't work anymore, and this ends up in a risk of data exfiltration. So the design principles are then to secure by design, secure by default. You have heard from three before. So this is controlled context-based data transfer across stages, across your applications, implemented with VPC service controls. So you cannot jump from development to production, not from production to development or production to production. Everything is controlled. Also, you have security in depth with a principle access boundary and your org policy. And last but not least, if you employ technologies like a data flow registry, it actually becomes quite easy to see, to have an overview, and to always be able to answer questions who is contacting with whom. And if you combine it with this new technology that Muthu Trust just presented ITDR, then you can even look into how data is being transferred, and then based on the behaviors, you can apply actions on that. So in the end, we have identified the risk, data exfiltration, we have our protection design principles, and we can now say, okay, we have transparency and control to reduce the risk of data exfiltration. And that's how we implement VPC service controls and principle access boundary. Back to Muthu. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, so, Christian had been, you know, actively, he has been always partnering with us in terms of, you know, giving feedback for any of these controls, which has helped us rightly save some of these, and he has taken back some of these best of these controls to his organization, you know, to help them secure. And I hope you all had some insightful takeaway from that. So what we would like to point to next is there are a few more sessions that's happening tomorrow, which is related to this session, where you could learn more about the human and non-human identities, and also some of the advanced IAM capabilities. I would encourage you to attend them. And also do not forget to send your feedback. This helps us to improve the session and the content that we bring to you. Okay? Thank you so much, everyone. Have a great evening. For all those who waited, thank you so much. We are going to be here for as long as it's required for any questions that you have. We can't have open mic here, but we'll be hanging out for questions. Offline, we can take any questions. Yes, and our entire team is also here. Thank you. A portion of our team is also here who can also help us. Thank you very much. Thank you again. Thank you.