 RENÉ KOLGA Welcome. Welcome to this session recap from Google Cloud Next 2025. My name is Rene Kolga, and I am a product manager on Google Cloud's confidential computing team. The session we're going to talk about is called Strengthening Data Privacy, Enabling Multiparty and Confidential Collaboration at Scale. In this session, we'll cover how various companies in different industries leveraged Google Cloud's confidential space to enable new use cases. In the original talk, I was joined by two excellent speakers, one from Google Ads and another one from a company offering secure communication services to the financial services industry called Symfony. But in this recap, you'll have to bear with just me. So let's get started. What is this confidential space product? Well, basically, confidential space creates this secure environment, secure collaboration environment called Trusted Execution Environment or a TE for short, where data is only processed by a trusted and approved code and no one else. No one else has access to that data or that processing, including even the operator or the admin of this environment. First and foremost, it allows multiple entities to collaborate with each other without having to blindly trust each other. All parties retain control, ownership, and confidentiality of their data. So this is not the only use case that confidential space enables. Of course, in addition to secure data matching in the ad tech industry or fraud detection across multiple banks or joint and mild training in healthcare setting or federated learning or federated analytics, any company, especially a SaaS company, can take advantage of confidential space to harden their infrastructure from their own insiders, whether those legitimate and well-meaning insiders or malicious insiders, and thus offer this as an additional security guarantee to their end customers, that their own admins, their own SREs and engineers don't have access to the end user's data. And finally, various ML and Gen.AI use cases can also be enabled through confidential space, such as sharing a proprietary ML model with a third party, while retaining full control over that valuable intellectual property. Now let's talk about how Google Ads took advantage of confidential space. Late last year, they announced the first feature backed by TEs, and that feature is called confidential matching. Basically, it allows Google Ads customers to share their first party data with Google in a way that ensures and guarantees that the data is processed exactly as intended. And no one learns new information that they are not supposed to, including Google. And that unlocks a variety of ads use cases such as measurement, audience, without compromising users' privacy. Now let's move on to another company and another use case. In this case, it's a company called Symfony. As I mentioned, they are a company providing secure communication services for the financial services industry. Obviously, their customers value privacy above all. Thus, their original deployments were, in most cases, on-prem. This allowed their customers to have that full control over their data and the privacy of their communications. However, it also meant that they had to bear all the costs and maintenance overhead of running and managing on-prem software components. Moreover, that slowed down the innovation and ability to deploy fixes and new capabilities. So, Symfony leveraged confidential space to build what they called confidential cloud and start transitioning their customers from on-prem to a true cloud-based SaaS service. While at the same time, still providing those data privacy guarantees that their customers require. So, in summary, confidential space allows entities and teams to collaborate with each other while retaining data privacy guarantees. The data is only processed by trusted and vetted code and no one else. Everyone retains the control over the data they own or the models they own, even when and if they allow for its third-party usage. And finally, your data is protected from insiders such as curious operators, SREs, SaaS admins, and other insiders. Thank you so much for joining us. Please scan the QR codes on the screen to learn more about confidential space and what it can do for you and your organization. Thanks again.