 Hi, my name is Adam Manzoni. I'm the co-founder of SimpleStack and the former CTO of Funwell, and today I'm going to be talking about structuring your unstructured content with Gemini for scaling businesses. During our session, Dr. Ali talked about Gemini 2.0, which has the largest context window out of any LLM on the market today. I learned during the session that the context window is so large that you could fit a Harry Potter novel in it, which is roughly equivalent to 1.5 million words. And Yash talked about how Box customers can leverage technologies like Gemini Flash within Box AI to programmatically extract a piece of metadata from their content in a secure and private manner. And during my part of the session, I talked about how we leverage Box AI at Funwell to programmatically extract a piece of information from financial documents that were uploaded by customers during our onboarding process. Like many financial institutions, during our onboarding process, we require certain financial documents to be uploaded to start the underwriting process. This used to be a manual process to review each document to ensure that we had enough documents to start the underwriting process. With Box AI, we are able to programmatically extract that information and feed it into a workflow, allowing our underwriting team to be freed up to understanding the risk of giving a financial product to a customer. And while I was at Funwell, I saw another issue with our company scaling, which was each time we onboarded a new employee, my team would have to set up 16 different SaaS tools and make sure the federation ID is mapped and make sure authentication worked across all their systems. And I felt like there was a better way. And that's why I developed SimpleStack. SimpleStack is the easiest way for scaling businesses to manage their tech stack in a secure and compliant manner. SimpleStack allows you to manage your authentication, roles, and permissions across all your users, allowing for seamless onboarding and offboarding. And if you're interested in getting a SimpleStack for your tech team, join the beta today. Thanks for watching, and I'm excited to see what you all built.