 . All right. Good morning. How's everybody doing? Last day of Google Cloud Next. This is terrible, right? We're so sad to go, but hopefully everyone learned a ton of new information, saw some fantastic exhibitors. Are we ready to talk about Oracle? We are having a fantastic day today. We're going to talk about how to supercharge your cloud, your Oracle databases and applications. And today, I am lucky enough to be joined by some key speakers. I have Kambiza Gili, who is the vice president of multi-cloud at Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, one of our most fantastic partners we've worked with over the past year or so, and Gigi Gourmet-Gouindi, who is joining me here as the director of product management here at Google Cloud. So we're going to open today. Today, we're going to start and talk about Oracle at Google. And this is the first time we've ever been showcasing Oracle at Google on stage. If you've been in the exhibit hall, do you see that nice red booth that says Oracle on it? First year ever. So we never could have imagined that in the past. Today, we're going to talk about Oracle at Google. We'll touch a bit on AI integrations. I'm sure everyone's super excited to hear more AI at Google and what we're doing with the Oracle databases. We're going to talk about app enablement. We're going to be praying to the demo gods and hoping the live demo works. And then finally, we'll close with a Q&A today. Does that sound like a good plan? All right. Excellent. As you may know, we had a bit of a hole, a gap in our relational databases capability. Up until about June of last year, right? And that was the moment where we announced a strategic partnership with Oracle. And that brought three key capabilities to Google Cloud. What that brought to us is Exadata, Autonomous Database, and Oracle Rack as a partner with Google Cloud. How amazing is that? And it's been an incredible journey since then. And let me tell you what happened in the background because this is the power of the two teams. We started this adventure with Oracle last January. So just a little bit over a year ago. Within about six months, we announced our strategic partnership. One month later, we had Oracle running on Google Cloud. Four months later, we had live regions of Oracle Exadata infrastructure at Google Cloud. That is insanely fast. I'm sure any of you that work with databases, that work with hardware infrastructure, can acknowledge what kind of a stretch it took to get there. So the story here is two absolutely fantastic companies. Oracle, the same strength that we know about, the leaders in database infrastructure. Enterprise solutions, ERP, CRM, I don't need to tell you about this. But we're bringing the power of Oracle to Google, that open capability. This is the best of two clouds. This is bringing two fantastic partners together. And what does this give you? One integrated system, giving you choice, giving you cost optimization, giving you that same integrated security you've come to know and love. And most importantly, AI, bringing the power of AI, Gemini to your Oracle databases. So let's dig in. What new capabilities and solutions does this offer? And I told you there are three different capabilities that we're going to have here. I'll stand off to the slide because I think this is probably my favorite picture. We'll see what Gigi and Cumbies believe as well. The first one is Oracle database at Google Cloud. If you want the absolute best, the strongest performance, the most capable system, we're bringing the power of Exadata to Google Cloud. And what that does is we have Oracle database SKUs running in a Google region extension. So just inside of a Google data center. And you get the advantage of running your custom ISV applications, your homegrown apps, right there inside of Google and your Oracle applications in Google Cloud. That's the highest performance option. And we'll talk just a bit more about that in a moment. We are also bringing OCI in Google with a partner cross-cloud interconnect. So if you already have your databases running inside of OCI, that's perfectly fine. You want to take advantage of the strength of Google Cloud, run your apps on Google Cloud. That's our second option here. That's that partner cross-cloud interconnect. And finally, we give you flexible deployment options. If you want to bring your own license and run your Oracle database on Google Cloud, you can do that. You can run those custom homegrown apps inside of Google Cloud. You can run your database inside of Google Cloud. And you can bring those applications inside of Google Cloud. So we're super excited to share more information. We also had some super exciting announcements this week. So we'll give you some more detail. I talked just a bit about that first option, right? The Oracle database at Google Cloud. And that allows you to run your Oracle database natively on Oracle SKUs. So that's on Exadata inside of a Google data center. You get Rack capabilities. We've never had that before at Google. And the same support, the same service you get every day at Google. Absolutely fantastic. You get the same fault tolerance. If I jump into the next slide here, how do you procure Oracle database at Google Cloud? It's a marketplace offering. It allows you to draw down your commit. And you get the same Oracle support rewards as when you're using Oracle directly. So it's native integration, seamless, and makes that Oracle database integration with Google Cloud so much easier. That second option I shared with you, that's the interconnect. So the key characteristic of this gives you the opportunity to really use your Oracle data that's already in OCI. But you want to partner cross-cloud interconnect. You want that interconnect going back to Google Cloud. And that's the advantage of this. We also announced two new locations for partner cross-cloud interconnect this week. And the first opportunity to use partner gov cloud. So those are the advantages that we're seeing with regards to that second option. And then finally, we talked just a bit about this, the flexible deployment options. So bring your own license to Google Cloud. You already have perhaps Oracle licensing or Apula. Bring that to Google Cloud. Run your Oracle database natively inside of Google Cloud. That's an option as well. And it depends on your performance characteristics. But it allows you to scale and size your environment as you need for that Oracle offering. Now, this is the most fun slide. And this is what we've been working on for the last six months or so. And with this, I want to bring up Cumbees to share with us what is new. So what's new? What's happening? What have we launched in the last six months since we announced this partnership last July? And ultimately shared this information at Cloud World. Cumbees, please join me on stage and share a little bit about what we've been up to. Yeah, for sure. Thank you, Michelle. And so thrilled to be here. If you look at the overall about the premise of multi-cloud, it's basically providing that interoperability between two and the best of the in-class services between Google Cloud and Oracle and OCI. What it means is that giving customers the ability to continue to utilize them when you go from on-prem to the cloud. For instance, if they're utilizing base database service to be able to continue to do that when they're in the cloud. So one of the things we announced today is that also adding the base database service to our portfolio of services that we make natively available running on a broader hardware, including Exadata, operating from inside the Google Cloud data center. So we're super excited about that. I particularly are working with, for instance, one customer who they have over 10,000 database in phase one of their cloud migrations. And a good 40% of that is just a base database they've had operating across different versions on-premises. And they were kind of really blocked in trying to figure out, if they go to the cloud, what they need to be on. And just having that ability to have that in parity and lift the ship simply to the cloud and think about what modernizations they want to embark on once in the cloud. So it would be kind of the next step. This has been super exciting. X11M is just that we continue to invest on infrastructure and hardware that is paired up for Oracle software, whereas Runza did the best. So, for instance, when you look at Exadata hardware, you can run over 22 million IOPS based on what you're processing. So having these next innovation, next level of innovations, always available, refreshed at Google Cloud is really, really key. And so with that, we have X11M also available in any new regions that we are launching for the customers. And last but then the least here is that we, as you know, we launched in four regions of G8 and Live that are currently today, two in Europe and two in North America. And that really gives customers the ability to do have that cross-region DR if they're interested in. And having the ability to utilize RAC also gives you ability to have, you know, sort of an HA configuration or have a zero downtime if you have plant maintenance already available to you. And we are launching more and more regions and data centers. But one thing we are announcing here, we have planned and we are fully on our roadmap to launch into, you know, 11 additional regions. That brings that region counter in around 15. And that entails, because in some of these regions, we are actually launching multiple AZs to make that in-region HA also a reality for customers. So that's the location that you see TK actually also reference in his keynote. So we are really super proud of what we are working on and what we continue to deliver on behalf of that for the customers. Last but not the least, I think if you look at this, this is very revealing. We directly work back from the propensity of the demand from the customers as to where do they want to see that first. And we really prioritize the regions and the data centers based on where we can help customers immediately as to wanting to move from on-premises to the cloud. And so with the region pipeline that we have together, we will see that in the next rounds of two, three quarters, we're going to be actually having availability in and around globally everywhere in the world that you're looking at. And for customers that are trying to figure out, they have an on-prem footprint, for instance, somewhere really weird on the corner of a region in a city next, we help them kind of shape their demand into the neighboring regions in the public cloud. That is a Google cloud data center. So with that, I'm going to give it back to our wonderful Google cloud partners. Gigi. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Much appreciate it. And much appreciate the partnership as well. 20 locations in a year. I think we are really making a dent in the data center economy with this. So the goal that we set out, like Kambi said, is to meet where you are. So our goal is to be there, meet the highest demand Oracle customers with highest demand Google customers, and reach there in whichever way, shape, or form we can. So if you want to see a region here, reach out to us that you don't see here, and we'll make it happen. Six months ago, when we went GA with this solution, folks asked, like, are you running a piece of OCI within Google? What would my user experience be? Our response to them was, we want the app developers to have as close to a first-party experience with Oracle database they can have as to do with something like Cloud SQL, or LIDB, or Spanner. So that's the goal we are heading towards, which that means is we need to bring as close user experience integrations as you expect in a GCP console for all Oracle features as well. That can start with very simple integrations, like my network looks the same, even though I'm connecting with two clouds. That's what shared VPC brings you. At the same time, can I use my automation tools like GCloud and Terraform to do what I do with Cloud SQL and LIDB, also with Oracle database? Yes. Where we are marching towards is to have a more unified monitoring solution so that you can see all the databases, including the Oracle database, in a console. At the same time, use your same backup service as you use for your self-managed applications or LIDB or Cloud SQL and have Oracle have the same experience for you. The idea being we want Oracle to be as close natively integrated with our services as any other database. Just by the nature of the product, Oracle has been almost ubiquitous in all enterprises. And what enterprises really care about? Availability, security, performance. And Oracle has championed that for almost three or four decades when it comes to database. And we want to bring that capabilities to our cloud as well. In the form of enterprise readiness, we recently announced multi-zone support that allows you to run an Oracle database in two zones within the Google Cloud. We worked very closely with Cumbies and Oracle's team to get the MAA architecture certified to gold. So now you can deploy your most mission-critical, business-critical applications in an architecture that's very prescriptive from Oracle into a Google Cloud region. Encryption is very important for our users. You will never see a database or any technology in Google which is not behind the strongest possible security posture that Google provides. If you go look at the breaches that have happened in the last five years in public clouds, look at what Amazon have suffered for. Look at what Azure has suffered for. And since I joined, like six years, we have zero security breaches in our parameter. And when you run the Oracle database behind that, you give you benefit from the same robustness. Where we are heading towards in the first-party experience is as you come to a Google Cloud today, you can deploy SAP with a very native experience, which we call the workload manager. We want to get the same native experience for Oracle databases as well. And last but not the least, five years ago, we went on the journey of making the Google Cloud a best destination for your backup and DR needs. That started with our acquisition of Actifio and bringing their IP into Google Cloud and making our databases and applications inherit the on-premises and the enterprise world nomenclature of backups and DR. We want to extend the same to Oracle database as well. Combiz did talk about the new features that are coming in. We are really proud to offer XRX11, probably the best possible hardware to run Oracle database, hands down. And with the partnership with Oracle, we are very happy to have it here. A lot of our customers are very passionate about running databases at scale on VM deployments. And with base database service at Oracle, they are able to Google Cloud that provides a real nice target for such databases to move quickly, simply, in a very efficient manner to Google Cloud. Moving us a little further, where we have worked really closely with Oracle is to help you migrate your application stack, as is what you're running today on-premises or other cloud, to GCP, with the database tier running on Oracle database at Google Cloud, getting all the benefits of getting all the benefits of GCP, and the app tier, getting all the benefit of GCE, GKE, or even a VMware engine, which is we call GCP. The idea being you get the best of the both worlds. You get the compute scalability, the storage scalability, the security and the resilience of Google Cloud for you, all for your application, as well as the benefits that Excel and Autonomous brings you for database tier in the same shop. Proof is in the pudding. In six months, this is in six months, you can see our momentum, how many customers from every geography, from almost every industry, have adopted this solution. And why they are doing that? Because we provide a very simplified management, and we make it very simple for customers to move their full stat to us. At the same time, they're able to benefit from the innovations that we bring in in terms of Gemini and Vertex. I can't believe we are 20 minutes in. This is the first time somebody said AI on this. We have been really innovating on this front, and the rest of the talk, we'll talk about what we are doing with Gemini, what we are doing with Gemini, and how, as an Oracle user, you can benefit all of that seamlessly for the data, the business of truth, the truth of your business that sits on the Oracle database. If you look at it, we have been on the Gemini journey for almost 20 years. I think Google was the first company, sorry, Alphabet was the first company to call itself an AI company in 2015. That did not resonate really well at that time, but it also tells you the vision the company had of what we have to do. We are one of the only players which make their own AI models, own foundational models, have our own infrastructure to train the foundation models, have our own data services to serve those foundation models, and we are able to integrate with the resilience and the performance of the Oracle database with these models. We have a very beautiful demo coming up that will talk about this. Again, this is available today. You can make it use today. This is not slide web. Now, if you look at why we are able to excel in this, we started as a majority of the Gen AI work we did was for search, for YouTube, and our ads. So simple things. I think 15 years ago, if you will start typing on the Google search bar, and it will try to predict what you're trying to ask. These were the stepping stones, what led to what today we call large language models. Raise of hands. The T in the chat GPT comes from where? Anyone? Hey, you are not supposed to answer. Transformer. And the transformer architecture came from a 2017 paper that Google wrote. And that was the real turning point that Bendini, that took the LLM generation, took off. And with our infrastructure, you are able to access that right from the heart of your database. Whether that database is a Postgres database, whether that database is a cloud-native Google Spanner database, or whether that database is Oracle. And that's the beauty of this partnership. We make the whole AI stack available from any data store that you have, any IDBMS engine that you have, including a recent partnership with Oracle. How do we do that? So today, you might run 23AI, which has all the goodness of a vector database. It supports semantic search, vector search, and whatnot. From within 23AI, you are able to connect to Gemini, pass your, say, query to Gemini, get the result from Gemini, join that within the context of the Oracle database, and reflect the result either in Looker or in BigQuery, whichever is your platform of choice. All of this without migrating your data, without transforming your data, without learning any new skill, right from the SQL, right from PL SQL, that you're very familiar with in an Oracle context. What it lets you do. So today, with the power that Gemini brings you, you can build very simple conversational apps. You can build content. You can generate embeddings from the database. You can store those embeddings inside the database. And then you can search those embeddings using 23AI's vector search to get the results that you want. Even six months ago, that was a three-tiered app. Today, it's four lines of SQL. And I'm sure Michelle's demo will highlight some of those capabilities as well. At the same time, with the scale of Exadata, you can have a petabyte-scale data warehouse running right inside Google Cloud, being able to call into Gemini, drive inferences, store that results in a transactional store on Exadata, and serve your apps from there on. All of this in the infrastructure that you know, all of this in the database that you understand, all of this in the app tier that already exists, your results get better, faster, with the inclusion of Gemini, without fundamentally changing what you're trying to do. This is a brand-new way of developing apps. And we are in the same journey as Oracle, to make all the Gemini capabilities and Gen AI capabilities available behind SQL. How many of you understand PL SQL? Almost everybody. How many of you understand how actually a neural network works and how you infer the question that you're asking? Not that many in your company. But if you bring these capabilities behind SQL, you enable your whole developer workforce to generate these new generation apps. So that has been our goal so far. The proof is in the pudding. I'll call back Michelle, who will walk you through how this actually works, and this is real. Thanks. Everyone's been doing their rain dance, right? I hope. I hope. Fingers crossed. All right. So we're going to talk about our new endeavor here. This is going to be something called Chocolate AI. It's the last day in Las Vegas. What do we need? We need a drink and we need some chocolate, right? Well, let me introduce you to our Parisian chocolatier. This is going to be our new Gemini Chocolate Cafe. The storefront is fake, but everything this is doing is real. So I will give a plug. If you're here in Las Vegas, there's a chocolate company called Ethyl M Chocolates. Stop by. They have absolutely fantastic chocolates. But in this particular case, we have Gemini Chocolate Cafe. And this particular customer was on a migration journey. They were in a data center exit scenario, and they are running on Exadata. So they said, hey, Google, what can we do? What choices do we have? And they landed on running Oracle Database at Google Cloud. So they migrated their Oracle Database to that new offering just last year. And the ultimate goal here really is to reduce their cost. They wanted to exit their data center, but they also wanted to take advantage of what you can now do with your data. So in this particular case, Gemini Chocolate Cafe. Now I'm going to take a step back, and I'm going to turn myself into a customer here. All right? So you can see my customer profile. If I click on this, this is my name. This is some information we've got. It's stored in BigQuery. Michelle Bertholdt. My dietary restrictions, I've got some restrictions and allergies to nuts and aspartame. But I am on a search for some chocolate. Okay? And I'm looking at what kind of options do we have. If I click out of that and I look at how many results are options, there's 250 different options that I can choose from. But what are we feeling like today? What kind of chocolate? I'm kind of feeling spicy. How about that? Maybe chocolate spice? So if I type quickly into my search bar here, we're going to go and we're going to do some chocolate spice. All right? So I click on Search. And we're just doing an Oracle database keyword search. So that gives me 31 results. Pretty typical, right? We go online. We search for what we're looking for. I've got 31 different options. Now, what about those dietary preferences? Okay? I'm allergic to nuts and aspartame. I didn't apply that, right? So if we click through what the ingredients look like on these. This first one here, still looking for chocolate spice, milk, dairy, eggs, soy, tree nuts. I might be in trouble, right? Might be making an unexpected visit to the hospital. That's probably not great. But wait a second. I want to apply those dietary preferences. So I click on my filter button here and that reduces my results to 24. Okay? So let's look at what options it's giving me. First off, the Parisian hot chocolate extravaganza. That looks pretty good overall, right? We're seeing... Looks like it matches my dietary preference. Now let's look over at the next one here. All right. So we've got chocolate, cocoa, soy milk, lactose. That's looking pretty good. We've got quite a few choices here. All right. So overall, a lot of different options for me here. I can choose and buy any of these. All right? So that's generic search. As we look here, we look at our query with our integrations in BQ. And that's really, again, leveraging our Oracle search capabilities, highlighting that full-text search. Okay? Now I click out of this, but I looked at my dietary needs. Let's unclick this for a moment. What if I pull in some enhanced data with our BigQuery semantic search? So I'm going to click over here and move to BigQuery semantic search. All right. I've got my same 250 results to choose from. If I click on myself, I still have some allergies to nuts and aspartame, right? So again, I've got those 250 results here. That's looking good. And this time, I'm going to click on my adapt results to dietary preference. We're still doing chocolate spice. That's my favorite. And I'm going to click on search. So here we go. All right. This time, I've got 38 different results. Now, why did it give me more results than I saw last time? Well, this time, I've got some semantic search. Last time, it had a keyword search. So it was only looking for the words chocolate and spice in the ingredient list. This time, with semantic search, it's pulling up a bit more information. Items like maybe chili-infused or black pepper that are spice-adjacent, we've got that included as vector embeddings within here. So it's giving me more choices. But what about my dietary preferences? This time, I clicked on... Let's take a step back here. All right. 61. That's great. If I look here... Looking good. All right. So again, we're filtering for those allergies. We don't like it. Still searching. All right. This is looking pretty good. So this time, I've got a few more choices, but still overall filtered to my specific diet and allergy needs. All right. So how do we do that? If I go up here and show the query that we used... Jumping up, you can see where we've got the query here. Within the table, we're joining some BigQuery information. We've got semantic search, vector searching integrated into that. And we've got a list of menu items, ultimately, that have been analyzed and represent those embeddings. In other words, meanings of the menu name. So this is the first time, really, we can bring meaning into what a customer puts into their search criteria. Okay? Now let's look at another use case. In this particular scenario, we're going to click out of our SQL code. We're going to revert back to our baseline data. And this time, I'm looking at my dietary preferences, nuts and aspartame. But today, maybe I've had a little bit to drink. I'm feeling a little bit more wordy about sharing my dietary preferences. I want to use some natural language. And so I'm also a millennial, right? I've got a list of allergies. I'm allergic to all nuts, including peanuts, walnuts, cashews, pistachios, macadamia nuts, pecans. I'm also allergic to sesame seeds, mustard seeds, and celery. All right? I prefer my chocolate to be vegan and organic. Well, that's going to be a challenge to find some matches for me, correct? So this time, we're going to use the magic of natural language to perform some more complex searches. All right? So I click out of here. I've still got my natural language search identified. I'm looking for chocolate spice. I've got 61 in the ID fault. But I'm going to adopt to my specific dietary preferences, hit that search button. And suddenly, I have two choices to choose from. All right? So ultimately, this highlights the value of Google's Gemini models. You saw that natural language integration. So suddenly, I've got that natural language. I've got two different options. And I, as a customer, I know these two are going to be closest to meeting my needs. Now, as a business, what does this mean for me? It means I'm going to have less customer complaints, less customer considerations. I'm going to have fewer returns. And I'm going to have higher customer satisfaction. I'm also going to have better word of mouth, right? I have customers that are satisfied. They identified the two options for chocolate that are exactly what's going to be perfect for them or for a gift for a friend or a loved one. And I'm going to share that word of mouth and tell all of my neighbors that, hey, go over to Gemini Chocolate Cafe. It's the easiest search ever. If you have a finicky eater, if you have some special selections that you are really trying to lead into, use Gemini Chocolates. So really, this ultimately highlights the value of Google's models, integrating Gemini, integrating Symantec Search, and ultimately the value of bringing your existing data with that Oracle Database integration, operating on Oracle Database at Google Cloud, and running those apps on Google. So as we close this demo out, and I'll thank everyone that was saying some extra things, how does this apply to other businesses? Maybe you're not running a business that's focused on travel and hospitality. Or sorry, maybe you're not running a business that's focused on chocolate. Maybe it's travel and hospitality. Imagine your customer is looking for, well, let's say you just had a major conference. Perhaps you were a little stressed out over the last week. You've been running on all wheels, and you need a vacation, right? You want to go to a Caribbean island. I'm looking for a Caribbean island vacation outside of hurricane season. I need to bring my kids. I'm going to type that in. It's a very natural language search. Tell me which options I should travel to. The same concept applies. What about schools and education? Imagine I'm a student, or I'm looking for some alternate learning options. I can type in and say, hey, I'm a student. I learn best through in-person classes on Thursday nights. I'm looking for a class that's taught in Spanish, and I'm looking for a class that closes out in three to five sessions in the month of May, right? So you can do the same thing in different industries. This capability is enabled in all different verticals with regards to the Oracle integrations and Google Cloud. So now as we switch back to our main presentation here, ultimately, that's our new endeavor, Gemini Chocolates. Now let me take a moment and show you how did we do that. So again, we had our Gemini Chocolate Cafe. We had cloud applications run on Google Cloud. So we used semantic search. We had data retrieval. We had analytics. And that's using four different embeddings through different capabilities here. We had Vertex AI. That was through Gemini. We used BigQuery. That was, again, using that semantic search. Of course, we had the power and the consistency, the reliability of Oracle Database at Google Cloud. And then finally, for analytics, because I want to know how are these different capabilities improving my sales for my chocolatier, we also used Looker. So that's integrating the entire ecosystem that Google offers, but now with the power of Oracle behind it. So as we close out today, the future is really here. We're focused on multi-cloud adoption. The story really is open. We're going to meet you where you are as a customer. If you're interested in lift and shift as simple as possible, Oracle Database at Google Cloud provides you that exadata, those new capabilities with X11M, the capabilities with autonomous database, if you want a managed solution, that's available now. If you're looking for using the power of OCI integrated with Google Cloud, that partner cross-cloud interconnects available for you, or if you want to run your Oracle Database on Google, you can do that. You can run that on GCE, Google Compute Engine, or GKE. So the options and the choice is yours. We give you that power, the opportunity to unlock your data, moving towards enterprise modernization and the strength of disaster recovery across different zones. And with that, very much appreciation. We're going to be here after a few minutes if you have any questions off to the side. But certainly follow up. We're happy to work with you. And if you have any questions about what solution is right for your particular case, make sure to just reach out to your Google sales rep or field rep or us. You've got our contact information now, and we're happy to help you out. All right. Thank you.