 Thank you for joining this session. This is a session about transformation. This is a story about transformation of United Airlines. A transformation story about customer service and contact support. But there are two things which we are going to talk today. It's the transformation power of AI and how is it disrupting customer support. And we have two fabulous leaders who are going to come and talk about this story. I'm going to introduce them in a few minutes. But the question really is, why is this important? And I wanted to start with this few data points. It is all about customer expectations, right? The customer expectations are fundamentally changing. And as you can see that in customer service, when the customer expectations are changing, it is important that you're meeting the customers. Right? So 56% of the consumers say they will become repeat customers if you give them a good end-to-end customer experience. Right? They all want it fast. People do not want and do not have the patience that they can actually go ahead and talk to multiple agents, go different between channels. So the idea is that when you want to deliver the customer service at a pace where the customer is expecting, so 67% of the consumers prefer quick self-service kind of capability versus basically talking to an agent. And the most important thing, they all expect better customer service. Nobody has the patience to go to different channels, loop between an agent to agent. And, you know, if you're a loyalty member, people understand that you are expected to talk with a loyalty customer service rep who understands them. And generative AI is truly helping in this scenario to give better customer experience across the entire customer journey. So 34%, we have seen that there is productivity improvement for junior associates. So it's all about empowerment of human agents. And we're going to talk, our two fabulous leaders will talk about that story. But fundamentally, what we are saying is the expectations are changing. But why is this important, right? And companies are truly struggling to meet some of these expectations. And I'm only going to take two data points here and unpack those things. So first is the data silos. We all know for a large organization, for large companies, there are data silos, right? And it is very difficult for agents to actually get a complete view of the entire customer lifecycle. There are micro moments, how the customer is talking, sometimes on the web property, sometimes in the store, sometimes they're calling, and the data silos exist. The other thing is the human agents. They're not empowered enough. They do not have the right technology. They do not have the right tools. Today is the epitome of, like, multimodal AI. Like, can you truly give them the tools to empower them? Can you unlock the productivity? Can you actually focus on customer service versus basically some of these things, right? But how, if you could deliver your customers at every touchpoint, right? Can you delight them at every touchpoint? How about you enable self-service in every digital channel? Every time they call, can you enable that, right? It's all about customer delight. What if your agents could turn every interaction into a sales opportunity? Not necessarily sales, but think about an experience. It's an opportunity to improve your NPS score. And most importantly, what if you could use AI to coach your human agents? And that is where the unlock actually happens, about the productivity, the empowerment, the amplification. So that, in essence, is the true thing which we are going to talk about today. But why is this important? Because customer lifetime value is very critical for companies. If you give them proper customer service, end-to-end personalized experience, 1.6 times higher customer lifetime value. And that is a very, very powerful story. So without much delay, I'm actually going to invite Rachel Walker from United Airlines as well as Mario Sebra, CEO of Quantum Metrics, to come on stage. Thank you so much for joining us. And we would love to understand the true story of United Airlines and the transformation. But before that, maybe we would like to introduce yourself, Mario. Yeah, Mario Chabarra, founder and CEO of Quantum Metrics Appell. It is a pleasure. Rachel, always fun to join with you. Well, thank you. Rachel Walker, Managing Director of Service Transformation of United Airlines. So thank you for having me. Excellent. And the most important thing for our audience, the important thing is we truly want to understand the story of United Airlines, empowerment of your agents, and how did you improve the overall customer service? So, you know, to start us off, Rachel, maybe I'll come with you. How are you seeing AI reshape the customer experience, especially from a United Airlines perspective, right? So we've seen AI really start to change our experience for our agents. Today, like you talked about earlier, a lot of our data was in silos or it wasn't in a way that our agents could easily consume it. And so when a customer was connected with an agent, they would have to kind of say, hey, how can I help you? And start over. And now with AI, and with Quantum really, has been a great partner here, is summarizing that data and not just any data. Quantum is able to help the right data that's accurate and be able to provide the best data to our agents so they have all of that and they can really hit the ground running when they're helping our customers. That's really good. Mario, would you like to add? Yeah, I'd love to just dive into it with a little more detail. I think all of us have heard over the last couple of days, you probably can get a little bit of a smile that we've heard about it for the last couple of years, about how AI is going to help us in every day. We've heard about how AI is going to help us in the contact center. And what does that look like? So I'd love to kind of show a little bit with Rachel's help what it looks like. And I think it's not just about having an LLM because we all have LLMs. How do we make the magic happen? And it's about having the right data at the right moment to help someone do a task better, faster, easier. So what I'd love to show a little bit is like what does that look like in the United Contact Center? So I'll throw a video up here and maybe Rachel, you can help me navigate. So this is our website and our payment page when you're trying to book a ticket. And we've actually instrumented quantum here that if a customer has a problem with like an error, on the right-hand side, there's a nudge. And that's all quantum. That pops it up and says, hey, do you need help? Let's chat. That pops up a chat box with an actual agent, a live agent right away. And it gives the agent some really cool information. And that is really critical that if, and we can do it with errors, we're doing it with like customer behaviors, it could be rage clicking, it could be hovering over a call to action button, but not clicking it. It could be moving back and forth. But quantum having all of that click stream data and all that other data is really enabling us to do this and be able to be proactive with our customers when we think there's a problem. So what's exciting about that is, okay, great. We know you have a problem. So we popped up a chat. Now, why is that interesting for all of us? Because we all know when it comes to chat or a call, the call is the more expensive option. So digital containment, we can never be perfect, right? We talked about, Kapil talked about a 1.6x improvement in lifetime value. You know, I heard a story about, you know, you're never going to be perfect and it's okay because it's really about how you manage that customer when you're not. In fact, you can have better success when you help a customer out in need versus that you never had a challenge at all. And so in this scenario, we know you're having a problem. We don't want to have you take the expensive route of taking a call. So we're going to, in Rachel's words, nudge you. Okay, what's next? So I wouldn't say it's just about expense. It's also about keeping that customer in the channel and bringing help closer to where the customer is instead of forcing the customer to go find help somewhere else. And so, yes, it's great that it's a little bit more cheaper, but I, from a customer perspective, think of it as let's bring help into the self-service path. Let's bring help closer to where the customer is and not make that effort hard on the customer. I love that, Rachel. This is a good point because the customer has two options. One, they could call, which, obviously, a little bit more expensive, as I mentioned, but the other option is they leave. Yep. Maybe they go buy it on an OTA, which is a bit more expensive, but you also lose the relationship and trust with that customer. So it's a great way to just keep the customer happy, engage with them. I'd love to walk through what that looks like on the agent side. Yeah, let's show it on the agent side. So from the agent desktop, they see two big pieces of data. They see a really concise summary of what did the customer see, what is the intent, and some critical pieces of information. And they can even replay the session if they want to. And this really allows our agents to not spend a lot of time re-interrogating the customer, but can start right where the customer left off. And they can really, like, take control of that experience and that conversation. So now the agent is really empowered with all of this critical information that the customer now feels very confident that the agent knows what they're doing, they know what the problem is, and they're going to be able to resolve it. And our customers expect that, right? It doesn't ever feel good if you get a hold of somebody and they're like, let me see, what is your problem? Like, that doesn't make anybody feel good. But when our agents are able to say, oh, I see what you were trying to do and is this what you want help with? It just takes that burden and it's like an ah moment for the customer. I actually really, that's a great point. And the other thing which I really like, the fact that you're looking from a customer perspective, but then also from an agent perspective. And it's very important that the two experiences sort of matches because for an agent, he needs to understand where the consumer is or customer is. And from a customer's perspective, the agent has all the details, all the data points, you know, all the conversations, the micro touch points, which we talked, and they have that context and the intent together when the customer is actually reaching out. So that's a great point. The next question is like, why now, right? So it's, what gaps are you trying to fulfill with conversational AI in today's customer service, right? But then also about, why was this so hard in the past? Why were we not able to extract the same kind of data and insights which today you are able to do that? Yeah. So from my perspective, I have a saying I use, which is I want to start, or I want to stop starting over. Like, we previously have made our customers, every interaction was like a new, it was like, oh, hi, how can I help you? Or what do you need? And that just feels really weird in today's day and age. Like, if I'm your friend, I will text you, I may call you, I may Google meet you, I may see you in person, and you have that context with me this whole time. Why as United, can we not do that with our customers? Why does it matter if you're chatting with me or you're on my website or you're using my mobile app or you're in an airport in person or you're onboard an aircraft? Let's stitch all that together and let's have a continuous conversation with our customers and actually know you and treat you like one of our good friends. And so this has been really critical and Quantum has been a great partner on this path of stop starting over and having that data and not just any data. That's what Quantum really brings to the table is the right data so that we can continue that conversation, have the full context of that relationship and really feel like you are just starting where you left off the last time we had the last conversation. Mario, do you want to add something? Yeah, I mean, you asked the question about why now? And we've been working, had the honor to work with United since about 2017. So for eight years, we've had exactly what Rachel just mentioned. We've had the data. So what's different about it today? A year ago, I was here at Next sharing this concept. Like, we have the right data. We can empower this contact of not restarting the conversation over. You know, like Rachel said, just because I'm on a different channel doesn't mean you shouldn't know who I am or what I was doing. If you think about it in your own personal lives, you don't call, let's say, United and start, hey, I want to book a flight or change a flight. No, you try to self-service first. This is why they had a digital presence. You try to self-service, and on the edge case, when it doesn't work, maybe you provided incorrect payment or something like that, you need help. You need to call. And as Rachel said, do you really want to start over? Not really. They should know what you were just doing on their website or app. And quantum has had that data for eight years and been making that data available at United to help make better digital experiences. What we've been able to unlock with Gemini is the ability to summarize that information in one to two seconds. So in the past, while we had this data, you wouldn't want to say, hey, Rachel, hold on a second. Let me try to understand your context switch between the digital and the context center. We're taking about five minutes, and I'll get back to you. No, that's crazy. It's easier to just say, hey, Rachel, how can I help you? Now Gemini can skip that conversation. It can transfer the context between that channel, and really that why now is because Gemini has gotten so good that when it goes to summarize, and you can see it here on the right, although it's a little bit off screen, it's summarizing what happened. What was the intent of Mario during this experience? What was the challenge that Mario ran into? And in working with United's team, what's the kind of content that would be valuable? And in fact, I remember talking to Rachel, and she shared an incredible story about just even having that cart ID and the impact it was able to have with her agents and working with a flyer. I don't know if that's something you'd share. Yeah. So two things. One is, I don't think customers should have to fill our organizational silos. That is a bit, that just drives me nuts. Like, no customer cares that, well, the .com website is run by a different team than the contact center, which is a different team than who I interact with person, in person. Like, our customers now expect us to know us and treat us the same, and they know we have all this data, and we have to be using it better. And let me give you a great example of an actual customer engagement that Felix AI really, really turned around and really made it amazing. We had a customer on our website booking a ticket, booking not one ticket, five tickets for five people to go from the U.S. over to Europe and included one of our partner airlines. They picked all the flights, they were at the payment page trying to process payment, and they got an error. And literally, that nudge you saw or that, you know, that reminder where ProActive was like, hey, looks like you need assistance, chat here with the agent. And, and they, clicked on it and they got straight to an agent with that summary. And that summary helped explain to the agent what flights the customer was trying to book, on what airlines, at what time, and how much the price was, and where they were getting the error. Instead of the customer trying to explain all of that to them. So if you think about trying to explain, well, it's this flight at this time and then connecting to this other flight, the agent will say, yep, I can see it. And then with that cart ID, they can literally pull that cart back up and see what was it. And they can see where the problem was now. And they were able to tell the customer right away, oh, unfortunately, with that partner airline, that price is no longer available. It's going to be this other price. Is that okay? And the customer said yes. And they were able to like finish that transaction with the agent for several thousand dollars right there where that customer could have abandoned, could have gotten frustrated, could have called, could have gone to another website and picked another airline. That money could have literally walked out the door. But that customer, not only we saved that customer, that customer was highly satisfied that they were able to get that resolved right there and that channel and created the least amount of effort as possible. And so those are like real life examples we're seeing today. Yeah. That's pretty fascinating to see that, you know, maintaining the customer context across different channels in your example and also having a partner airline, which adds another dimension of complexity. complexity. So it's all about complex workflows getting simplified and your agent actually has all the knowledge. So it's really, really fascinating to hear that story. Yeah. Like what's happening now because of the amazing self-service and things out there, all the easy stuff is gone. We only have hard stuff coming in now and so we have to have tools that allow us to do, handle these harder things over and over again easier because otherwise it's too much mental energy and strain on our frontline employees. That takes us to a different element. I think you've mentioned about the organization silos, right? Yeah. So how does this change of work, right? And how your customer agents, like how are they reacting to this? Is there a positive reaction? Is there a negative reaction? I'm assuming it's not negative. But basically, any initial feedback, especially coming out from your customer support organization? Can you share some stories? Sure. So real life, right, you put something out there and you get a lot of learnings. And so we learned like that not only are we going to give them information, the information actually needs to be structured in a way that's easily scannable for the agent. Like just, you know, all of us have used Gen.ai and a lot of times you get like a big blob of text and it's great and it's right and it's accurate, you know, usually has the right information, but to get the information out of it visually, you have to spend a lot of time reading it. And so something we worked really well with Quantum is making sure that we had like sound bites that you, even that UX UI piece was really critical because like seconds matter here. Like as a customer, sitting on the phone in silence or in a chat waiting for someone to read through something and digest it. So you can even see here on this example, we like show what the error message is, there's a little break, a really good summary that's easy to understand and then critical key pieces of data that just are easy to scan and see and be able to use. It's really critical there. Very good. I think this is a great point. Mario, I'm going to shift the focus to you a little bit. Why is now the right time? So the word emphasis now, right? And we talked briefly about like why now, but why is now the right time to invest in AI for Contact Center? You know, if I look back two years ago and I think probably everyone in this room has been on their own AI journey and I think about two years ago, you know, the word hallucination would come up more often than I've heard about it. The last couple of days, I don't think anyone's even said the word out loud in any of the sessions I've heard. Why? What's happened in the last two years? Like the pace of technology change has been phenomenal for me. I've never, you know, I'm a technologist. The last 30 years, I've been watching different technologies. I've never seen something move so fast. And what's been exciting for me in the beginning, well, there's some hallucinations. How are we going to manage this? This isn't going to work. I can't put this in front of a customer. I can't put this in front of a frontline agent and try to figure out where are the good and where are the bad and the information we provide. What's exciting about what we're seeing today is a high level of accuracy. And the reason this is just, I don't know if it's very apparent, but for years people have been trying to do this in the contact center. What was the last page they were on? That will inform the agent about how to help. What was the last error message that the customer saw? That will help. We found over and over again that it doesn't help. It might work here and there, but it doesn't have the impact. So what we really needed to do is that we've always had this corpus of data, this understanding of the customer. How do we extract the moments that matter that the agent will find valuable? And what we've seen here is that Gemini has advanced so much over the last 12 months that we're able to supply very high accurate, meaningful impact summaries where we see a change not only behavior, like the customer's happier, the agents are happier, but we can reduce that preamble time, that time of, how are you doing? How can I help you? To, hey, I know exactly how to help this person cut right to the chase. Customer's happier, agent's happier, hopefully we get to make the CFO happier, not only on just bookings that we didn't lose, but on time we didn't waste. So I think that why now, it's really just following the advancement that we're seeing in Gemini to get that right data to the agent. I love the fact that you use the word moments that matter. I think that's the most important part of overall transformation story, right? If you can capture those moments and then basically identify the moments that matter and you can maintain the context, I think that's where your story sort of aligns. Rachel, just shifting to you from a strategy perspective, right? You chose to invest in Felix. You know, how is this aligned to your strategic pillars especially for your contact center team? Yeah, so we have several strategic pillars at United and around our customer support and advocacy organization, but I'll talk about three that we use Quantum in across the board. The first one is we are building automation that customers love to use. Not like we don't believe in dead-ending customers, but that we really want to create game-changing, really meaningful automation that customers love to use. Number two is building employee tools that makes it easy and fast to help customers. You saw here that is like Felix AI's doing that literally right now with my chat agents. They love it. They want it on almost every interaction if they can get it. And then third is we're looking at how do I stop forcing my customers to have to call me or chat with me? And so we've actually worked with Quantum as well around partnering, around stitching even more data together so we can see if a customer's engagement on either our website or our mobile app is driving a phone call or a chat after some sort of interaction. And then we can aggregate that data to say like, hey, did you know that this is what's happening regularly and this is a lot of the time driving these additional contacts in. And that's actually helped us save a, we've probably, and so that, the whole area that we work with our dot-com team and our mobile team to drive down either errors, confusion, information customers can't find, they don't know how to, they don't understand how to use a page. We've saved a significant amount of money that I cannot disclose. But it is over tens of millions of dollars with this. And so Quantum is a definite partner in that of, and customers love that. Like nobody really wants to call and spend 20 minutes on a phone call with United, even if you are 1K or you love flying with us. But that's what we're, we're looking at it, the whole journey. How can we make things better for the customer? So it looks like you did make the CFO happy. Trying, trying. No, this is, so customer service from, even from a Google perspective and we see, we have seen that there's a lot of productivity gain which we have seen in this specific, not just, you know, across industry. So definitely this is something which we're glad to hear that you're able to do more around operational efficiency in the productivity side of the business, right? So one other thing is around customer data and we talked a lot about customer data and the data silos and different channels of different data. So how does the introduction of AI, especially in customer support, shifts the way organization is either collecting the data or creating insights? So any thoughts on that? Like, you know, the overall data collection has become an important part to help your agents, right? So how's that shift and how are you basically seeing that shift from a data collection perspective and how are you driving more insights? Yeah, I would say a big part of it from our perspective is we put a lot of burden on our agents to have to become like an investigator. Like they were like a super detective, I have to go to all these places and pull all these pieces of information out and sometimes they could even have access to get to some of that data. And so what we're seeing with AI is I take that effort and that burden off of our front line, taking things out of, I mean, we still have mainframe systems we're using. We're using the ability of getting that information out of mainframes into like plain English. We're using Quantum to summarize a lot of this data of what customers are doing in digital channels and even on my employee tools. We actually put Quantum on my employee tools so we could see even where are my employees having issues with navigating something, with where they struggle, where are they abandoning because it's confusing or they can't figure it out. And I think bringing that all together has really been a game changer. And Mario, from a Quantum Metrics perspective, what would you think? Because your entire platform is utilizing and empowering that and utilizing that data to empower the agents. Yeah, it's been exciting to work. United Airlines is the longest standing airline customer that we've had. and what's been exciting is them teaching us about how to use data. You know, when Rachel mentions it's on the employee app. So this is the flight attendant app. This is the crew scheduling app. This is, hey, Mario's sitting in 16C and he likes a Coke Zero, as we talked about at lunch. You know, or I do like Coke Zero. But it's also like crew scheduling. Like these 800,000 pounds of metal do not fly by themselves. If the crew's not on there, the flight's not happening. We really need to manage our team. And we have a flight scheduling app. If that doesn't work great, this isn't going to work. So how do we make sure that our employee apps are successful, our customer-facing apps, our apps assisting our call center, even on the kiosk at the airport? Quantum's helping inform what's working, what's not for the customer. But you mentioned earlier, Kapil, in the question around what data matters in terms of data collection and how do we unlock things. So last year, we introduced Felix AI here at Next. We're really excited about let's understand a digital single journey. We're excited. Just last month at our customer conference, we also announced the ability to understand Mario across multiple devices. So here it is across seven sessions. Again, I am a proud flyer on United. I have a million miles. I have to tell Rachel that all the time because I do fly United a lot. And guess what? Sometimes I'm booking on the web. Sometimes I'm booking on the app, depending on what I'm doing or where I am. Getting just the last session that I have probably does not capture my experience. So when it comes to collecting data, can we understand Mario across devices? As you mentioned, Rachel, about this, it doesn't matter. Mario doesn't care what channel he was on in terms of summarization. Understand Mario. And to do that, going across multiple sessions so you can understand my experience of, you know, especially if you think about a journey that might be, hey, I want to pull miles with my friends. That's probably not a single session to do it. I've got to do it over multiple. And understanding Mario's journey with United versus Mario's last session unlocks a lot more success at the agent assisting a customer. So really a data collection, having the moments that matter, summarizing it in a very accurate and helpful way, that's how we unlock real business value with Gemini, with generative AI. You know, I've seen over the last 12 months, people, hey, I have generative AI. Look how cool it is. It's not cool unless it really unlocks business value. Like that one demo that we've all seen, oh, that's cool, but does it really work? I think what the excitement for me is, if you have the right data, and I will say if you have the right generative AI back end, because we use Gemini and have created success, these are the kinds of summaries, these are the kinds of outcomes that you get. I do have another demo about, really about collecting that right data that I love to share. And it's, you know, the dirty secret about analytics is it only works when you have the right data, to your point, Kapil. So collecting the right data is critical. And the dirty secret about analytics is that you have to get someone to tell you where the right data is. And so we're really excited. This is coming to life. We've got, if you, we have a booth, 1140, I think, is out on the show floor. You can come see this live with your website or whatever. But what we have here is the ability for generative AI, for Gemini, to scan this page and figure out where is all the data that matters. So today, with analytics, we have humans trying to figure out where is the information that matters on this page. And they have to keep it up to date all the time. And the page changes all the time. Developers change it all the time. And so how do we make sure that we have the right data? Imagine sending these pages into Gemini and the result is that you get the information that matters. Let's say we did an experiment today. Oh, shoot, we forgot to tag the destination field in the experiment. It's somewhere else. It's moved. Imagine Gemini keeping our data accurate and we can always trust it. So I'm really excited about the release of what we call Felix AI Taglist next month to get the ability to always have the right data. So this idea of how do we collect the data, how do we make sure that we have the right summaries, it all relies on having the right data. Let's get Gemini to make sure that we have the right data. That's a great response. It's the data that matters, which is what you mentioned. It's actually very, very critical. I started calling data as the new oil, right? If you have the data and data that matters, you're capturing the data. And then the other thing is which really resonated with me was can you link it back to business outcomes? And in your what you mentioned was like we are linking back to customer service improvements, right? Agent empowerment. It's about productivity, customer NPS, and all those things. So I think it's a phenomenal story that you're capturing the data that matters and then basically you're helping your customers but also your agents. I think that's a really, really powerful story. Shifting gear a little bit here, I wanted to look at Mario and Rachel's crystal ball, right? So, you know, what do you see as the next emerging AI use cases in customer support? You know, maybe we'll start with you, Rachel. Sure. So I, of course, have lots of ideas of how I want to use AI and Gen AI for my customer support use cases. I think part of it is being able to communicate with really customers in truly a native language and really conversational. but that doesn't supplant the physical or the digital interactions. And I think figuring out how they play well together is really important. Something we've learned is we have some really amazing, critical, really cool things you can do on our digital assets but it's not documented anywhere. So I can load up my knowledge base. I can load up like united.com data but if you ask me a question, I can't actually tell you where to go to do the thing. That's really cool. So that's probably one of it. The next one is I'm thinking about what, how can I think about my frontline employees very differently than I do today? How can they be watching a lot of these automated bots or generative AI and basically things get escalated to them or they become just that escalation point or that approval point and really creating new jobs, new skill sets that we can allow our customers to get help when they need it in the moment and really think about getting rid of wait times? How about a no wait time world? That's where I want to get to. That's really good. Mario, from a platform perspective, what's your... Yeah, we have a couple things that are coming to light but if I step back, I look at United's built self-service, a digital website, a digital app because we don't want them to have that task of contacting. Now, we know we'll never be perfect and when we do have them reach out, this proactive, as we saw on United.com today, the ability to say, hey, let me help you. I don't want to lose you. I don't want you to have to call. Like, let me just help you in the moment. I then look at, you know, when they do contacts, informing them about that digital handoff as we've been discussing and then I think to close the loop is the ability to take, who's contacting us? Can we go back and look at digital and resolve those things so those leakages don't happen at all because ultimately, I think what United's goal is not just no wait times because that's critical too but, man, would I love to never have to call or contact at all and I think that's a dream because there's always edge cases. We're never going to be perfect but if we, you know, we can't stop keep iterating. We've got to keep making that experience better and solving for those leakages over time and this is really what we see at every enterprise but when I think about like how do we take AI and make those things easier, when I think about any enterprise, a lot of the questions come up with like, hey, why are people not completing this task and could be booking a flight, could be changing a flight, could be looking at their miles. When something fails, when something falls out of the success task process, maybe a funnel, how do we resolve it? How do we understand it? So what's really exciting is if you take a look at what we show today, hey, we can summarize an individual experience, why not take that technology and summarize a thousand individual experiences and ask the question about those experiences, why are some of these people not able to complete that task? Why are some of them not able to book a flight or change a flight and so on and have AI do it? Because today, people do that. They do that with analytics, they do that with research, they have back-end tools and front-end tools like quantum to understand that. Can we just simplify that? So I think what we're going to see a theme over and over in generative AI in the contact center and beyond is how do we take tasks that we do on a daily basis that are super valuable for our business and just simplify them? Because if AI can summarize a single user, why not 10,000? Yeah. I see it as also, like, anybody who's gotten to have the joy of doing software development knows there's always edge cases. And that is like a long tail that could go towards infinity of the number of edge cases you can get to. And to have to program solutions for every single edge case is almost impossible. But bringing in AI that can now understand, hey, similar things have happened and how was this resolved? And then applying that and having that learning and that feedback loop allows you now to really get almost to zero on your edge cases that can't be handled by some sort of AI. That, to me, is really exciting. Very good. I almost feel like if I wanted to summarize what both of you said, it's AI at scale but then also personalization at scale. And it's the dichotomy of the two, right? And only generative AI can actually, if you personalize that for Mario and for Kuppel and for Rachel but then also, we also need to do it at scale, especially with United Airlines. Like, such a large company obviously are also looking at scale. So the true marriage of AI at scale and also personalization scale and the platform plus your emerging use cases are actually going to transform the entire industry. For a final question, we're about to wrap up here. There's a lot of people in the audience and they have different levels of maturity. What would be your best practice, blueprint suggestions, but what would be your guidance to them as they're starting? You're running this thing at scale. But I would love to understand, is there a blueprint? Or is there, you know, where do you start? So maybe Rachel will start with you. Yeah, I'd say the place you have to start is your data. The data is key. If your data's not good, you're not going to get good outputs. And so, I found it easier if you start your data with internal, like so with your employees, you can validate your data because trust me, your employees will tell you when you're wrong. That's never been a problem. And so, that really helps you get cleaner and better data as a faster way to drive value and then you have the ability to have really good data that you can start doing customer facing and have that be so much more accurate. That would be my playbook. What about you, Mark? Well, I would first start with stop by booth 1140. Sorry. No, just kidding a little bit. You know, when I talk to people, a lot of people ask the question, you know, how was Quantum able to create this success? And we're seeing people wanting to replicate it because it's being so impactful. And I'll tell you the secrets. It's, to Rachel's point, is having the right data is the base. And so, I am excited about this slide here about can we make gathering the right data easier? But it is, to Rachel's point earlier, combining this information with the other silos across the organization, there's a lot more information than we know about Mario the Flyer than we have in his last few experiences. I've been flying for 30 plus years, I guess, 40 years, jeez, I'm going to date myself eventually. Here with United, there's a lot of information about that, that we can combine and understand Mario and give better experience both on the site and in the contact center. I think the next part people want to understand is, okay, great, I have the right data. How do I unlock that business value? And, you know, I remember seeing as we began interacting with United about how to help their agents, we were kind of asking the wrong questions about the data. So I think the critical unlock is what is the right question to ask? I'll give you an example of what didn't work well. What was the last error message the person on digital saw? That does not really relate to how to help the agent. It's really asking, like, what was the intent of the Flyer on United and what was the friction point, if any? That is a massive unlock. So we have the right data, you have to ask the right questions of the data, and I wish Mario was smart enough to always have that question and answer. It's really about interacting with the United agents. Like, what do they do? Like, what's the unlock? How do we help them do their job better? And you know who only has the answer for that? It's United agents. So it really, creating business value is a multi-party. It's not a vendor. It's people processing technology. And so working together to unlock success, that is your secret recipe to create something like this. So people ask about, how do I do it? What parameters in Gemini? Like, I think that's the wrong question. It's really like, what business outcome, what data do we have to unlock that, and then what is that process, and working together to achieve it? Yeah, that's a great point. I think it's all about eventually deriving the business outcomes. And data is actually an enabler, the technology is an enabler. But you're right. Data is the foundation for anything and everything which you intend to do and improve that customer service and overall customer experience. So with that, I think, you know, I would like to say thank you, Rachel and Mario, for a fantastic storytelling of the transformation of what you're leading at United Airlines. I think the most important thing is I usually use three words. It's about empowerment of your agents, right? It's about productivity unlock, again, of your agents. But then eventually it's that business outcome. It's all about that customer satisfaction, that customer NPS scores which you're trying to drive. It's about that overall customer experience. So thank you again for a wonderful story, your experiences, and your insights and also for our audience to give them a little bit of blueprint. Everybody's going to start somewhere. It's a journey, but data is the foundation. You know, start your journey and then, you know, always look at the business outcome which you're trying to deliver. So with that, thank you so much and thank you for the audience for coming to this session and, you know, really appreciate your attendance here. Thank you, Kapil. Thank you, Rachel. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.