 Welcome. Thank you for being here and how amazing were the main stage keynote. Having been at the center of Google's AI and data innovations for the better part of three years, even I am dazzled by the big leaps we have taken this year. I'm Yasmeen Ahmed and I have the pleasure of working with our talented engineering teams who are building the future of data and analytics at Google Cloud. And it's amazing to be here with you all. Customers are the best source of inspiration. So today I would like to invite a phenomenal customer to the stage to share their experience with Google Cloud's data and AI. So please join me in welcoming Rich Rubenstein, VP of data and analytics, and Jason Stalloch, VP Digital Core at General Mills. Thank you, Yasmeen. Good afternoon, everyone. Rich and I are happy to be here today to talk about General Mills' journey to Google Cloud and how it's fueling our data and AI initiatives. About five years ago, General Mills realized we needed a strong foundation for our future data and analytics needs. At the time, we were stretching our on-premise environments to their limits. This made data-driven decision-making more difficult. And scaling our operations, let alone connecting them to analytics and AI, was a major challenge. Google Cloud provided us with a scalable and secure cloud environment, easily observable and constantly improving. This wasn't a simple lift and shift. It was a major transformation, migrating all of our on-premise data assets to the cloud. We focused this effort on areas where data could drive the most value for the business. We implemented highly governed, standardized processes, which acted as a forcing function for us to clean our data as we moved it. Most importantly, we up-skilled our internal teams to effectively utilize the cloud environment. The result was a platform built for speed and future growth. Data and systems are only valuable if they drive measurable business impact, making or saving money. Our migration to Google Cloud wasn't just a technical exercise. It was specifically focused on driving business results. With our scaled data foundation, we quickly received material data and analytics wins. This has resulted in millions of models running monthly, driving over $100 million in cost savings and incremental sales across revenue management, supply chain, and other areas. The speed and security of the Google ecosystem also allowed us to rapidly adopt generative AI. We built and deployed MillsChat, our internal generative AI system, leveraging Google LLMs and other technologies. Seeing a consumer food powerhouse like General Mills leveraging Google technology so successfully is both exciting and gratifying. And it's not only General Mills. The momentum is undeniable and the results speak for themselves. We launched nearly 400 new capabilities last year alone. Multimodal AI analysis is up 16 fold and customers are streaming hundreds of petabytes into BigQuery every month. This kind of momentum is why BigQuery today has five times more customers than the other two enterprise data platforms in the market. And together, BigQuery and Vertex AI are eight to 16 fold more cost efficient compared to any other data warehouse or AI platform in the market. Today, we're announcing the evolution of BigQuery to the autonomous data to AI platform. It's the gentic, accelerating data work. It's intelligent, leveraging real world knowledge from AI. It's real time processing data instantly. And it's autonomous, activating data and insights automatically. Just amazing. As we deliver innovation, there are three core areas we've focused on across our platforms to help you work with data and AI. First, we're introducing specialized agents, putting the transformative power of AI into the hands of every user. Second, powering these agents, we have developed advanced interoperable engines. Think of these as the powerhouse behind under the hood. First, a suite of cutting edge engines that offer innovative new ways to analyze data with unmatched performance, scalability, and flexibility. And third, underpinning everything is the autonomous data foundation. We're automating the entire data lifecycle from ingestion to insight generation and freeing your teams to focus on innovation. Introducing our new data engineering agent capabilities embedded within BigQuery pipelines and powered by Gemini. Imagine pipelines that practically build themselves. Our agent capabilities automate the tedious tasks around data preparation and standardization. They're able to proactively detect anomalies to ensure data quality and even automate governance with metadata generation. This isn't just about saving time. It's about elevating the data engineer's role from data wrangler to data strategist. Our data science agent takes this intelligence even further. Our agent is designed to accelerate model development, be it feature engineering, intelligent model selection, scalable training, or simplified inferencing. The data science agent empowers data scientists to tackle your most complex challenges with unprecedented speed and efficiency. Last year, we introduced our conversational analytics agent. We've taken it to a whole new level, unmatched reasoning power. Our agent is now powered by Gemini 2.0's advanced reasoning capabilities, allowing it to handle even the most sophisticated of questions. Want to forecast next month's revenue? Simply ask. Need to understand sales trends by segment? Just ask. And these custom agents can now be deployed anywhere in your custom application. chat interfaces, chat interfaces, or dedicated workspaces. Our new conversational analytics API opens up a whole world of possibilities for developers. Now, to help me show these innovations in action, I would now like to welcome Peter Bayliss to the stage. Thanks so much, Yasmin. Today, we'll show you how Gemini is fundamentally transforming how teams work with data. Let's imagine I'm in supply chain operation at Global Pets. I'd like to get a quick pulse check on purchasing trends. Normally, this involves requests, waiting for analysts, delaying decisions. Not anymore. I can simply ask my data agent. Compare monthly sales online versus offline for the past year. The online sales have been higher than offline sales for each month in the past year. Amazing. Literally seconds. No waiting. Just answers. We're bringing to the rest of the organization as well. And I could do this by enabling code interpreter in my data agent. I'll spare you some typing. What I'm going to ask Gemini to do is to segment my customer base. So look at historical patterns, historical purchasing behavior, and essentially build a model so I can go figure out where are my big spenders, where are the customers I want to go and activate more, and tailor my supply chain and my marketing operations based on that behavior. In this case, Gemini is writing a query to first pull in the data. This is already kind of fancy. It's a three-way join filtering based on Nevada. We're in Vegas, after all. It's pulling in my data. What it's doing now is it's actually running this code interpreter on my behalf. I'm not writing any Python. This is running behind the scenes just like a data science would run. It's telling what it's doing along the way. Lots of code if I want to go and read that, but no time for that. It's gone and clustered my customers into three distinct groups, and lo and behold, here is my segmentation of my customers based on their history, all from natural language, explained in natural language, within my data agent. I can take this output, go send it to my marketing team, go get happier customers and happier pets. This is the power of Gemini and Google Cloud data and analytics, fundamentally transforming how we're working with data, making data more powerful, more intuitive, and ultimately more accessible to the entire organization. Back to you, Yasmin. Thank you, Peter. What an exciting demo. So, the real magic happens when you combine this real-world knowledge with your business data. Suddenly, you can ask questions that were impossible to answer before. So, BigQuery is making this combination now easy with the introduction of our new AI query engine. The BigQuery AI query engine is a groundbreaking capability, allowing you to mobilize real-world knowledge, linguistic understanding, and the reasoning capabilities of Gemini. Okay. So, now, powerful engines and intelligent agents all need a foundation that thinks for itself. That's the autonomous data foundation. We're automating the entire data lifecycle. You can now focus on innovation and not data infrastructure. This foundation is secure, reliable, efficient, and above all, autonomous. First, we're eliminating data silos and making unstructured data a first-class citizen. With BigQuery multimodal tables, you can now store and query unstructured data, images, audio, voice, and text, alongside your structured data, all within the same table. In fact, running AI or machine learning inferencing over multiple pieces of unstructured and structured data is now simple. You no longer need to choose between open formats and enterprise-grade. BigQuery delivers the best in market support for Apache Iceberg. By deeply integrating Iceberg with Google's data and AI stack, we let you build open lake houses with the enterprise features you need, with fine-grained governance, with top-tier security. It's the openness you want with the enterprise power you need without compromise. So much has been said about the future of data and AI, when in reality, all of those big leaps and possibilities are unfolding today. At Google Cloud, our vision is clear. You need an agentic power in real time. So we're building a platform that anticipates needs, automates actions, and acts proactively on your behalf. Intelligence must be activated instantly. We're helping you bridge the gap and transform data into tangible, real-world outcomes. And we're amplifying human expertise, empowering your teams and helping them to amplify their expertise and intuition to achieve even more. I feel so fortunate to be with you at the center of one of the most important technology transformations of our careers. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.