 Alex Bestavros Hi, my name is Alex Bestavros, and I'm the product management lead for Google Cloud's compute instances. I'm going to talk about Google Compute Engine's latest offerings in our workload-optimized compute infrastructure. Our strategy is to service all customer workloads, and to do that, we've rapidly expanded our compute portfolio to offer a full suite of instances to address emerging customer needs and evolving market demands, and this expansion continues. We offer a highly competitive general purpose compute portfolio, featuring leading price performance and latest generation of Intel, AMD, and Axion. That's Google's custom ARM-based processor. Our specialized VM portfolio has also seen significant growth, with multiple new market-leading additions to scale and optimize key workloads, including high-performance computing, large-scale databases, and data analytics, to name a few. Our latest compute offering is C4D, which is based on AMD's fifth-generation Tern CPUs, providing customers with the latest performance of up to 45% versus comparable offerings. C4D is enterprise-ready, with advanced maintenance to avoid unplanned disruptions, Google's new titanium SSDs with up to 35% lower latency to improve data workload performance, and our first AMD Metal Shapes, enabling customers to run their custom operating systems and hypervisors. But the real story with C4D is the meaningful benefits it provides for performance, with up to 80% for running key workloads such as web servers and MySQL databases to help you scale with the growth of data in the AI era and meet the new immersive applications. We have already had a few customers test C4D and have reported up to 50% performance improvements for their actual workloads. These are the type of benefits you can't ignore. C4D is our latest generation Intel-based general purpose instance family, and we have already seen significant adoption from customers for their performance-sensitive workloads such as gaming servers, databases, and machine learning inference. We are expanding C4D with new capabilities that will be exclusively on Intel's sixth generation Granite Rapid CPUs. And these include six new instance options to scale up your databases, gaming servers, and container platforms with up to 288b CPUs and 2.2 terabytes of memory. We are also expanding with Google's titanium local SSDs to get high performance and low latency access to your data. And we'll have five new bare metal offerings that will provide 35% better performance than the previous generation. We are really excited that C4D will be the first instance family amongst US-based cloud providers to offer Intel's Granite Rapid CPUs, and we're excited to see how customers will take advantage of these benefits. In Google's specialized portfolio, we're announcing H4D, the new family optimized for high performance computing workloads. Google is the first cloud provider to offer AMD's fifth generation Epic CPU for HPC workloads. The latest generation is critical in HPC to get the best TCO per job, and H4D is showing up to 90% improvement for these workloads. H4D offers the best price performance for HPC in our compute portfolio. And to take advantage of this staggering performance, we're introducing up to 200 gigabits per second of cloud RDMA on titanium. This is to enable efficient scaling to over 10,000 cores and providing approximately three microseconds in one-way latency. But HPC is not just about the infrastructure. Google Cloud offers support for all major ISVs and partners to run your HPC environment. We are also innovating with Google's cluster director, which helps you manage large, dense clusters and seamless maintenance experiences, and a dynamic workload scheduler to offer high obtainability and flexible consumption. So bringing that back together, Google Cloud has invested in both our general purpose and workload optimized compute portfolio for customers to get the benefits of improved price performance to scale and optimize TCO. The expanded portfolio of specialized offerings that optimize for a specific resource type include our memory optimized M4, which offers 65% better price performance and 2.25x more SAP's performance for SAP databases versus the previous generation. And the local SSD storage optimized Z3 family is introducing new shapes ranging from 3 terabytes to 18 terabytes, giving you a lot more flexibility, as well as a new metal offering that will have up to 72 terabytes of SSD. Titanium has continued to bring new capabilities and innovations to customers, including cloud RDMA and titanium SSDs. We are excited to see what customers will build with our new compute offerings. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.