 All right, this is a packed room. This is exactly the energy we wanted to have. And so I'm really excited for us to spend some time together talking about something you may have heard of. It's artificial intelligence. If you haven't heard about that, let me know at the end of the session and we can take you out back and make sure that we give you a quick briefing. What I want to do is set the stage for what we're going to be doing today. And I really hope you understand and get a lot of great energy and some great insights from the incredible folks we have here on the stage with us. My name is Darren Morey, and I have what I say is the best job in show business. So I get to work at the coalface with founders every day at Google during the AI revolution. Like, what a gift. What a great opportunity. A lot of the team is here in the room, and I hope you have a chance to meet them as well. But as a part of that role, I get to spend time with four folks that you'll see here on the stage and learn from. I think all of us know, if you're a startup founder or if you're focused on startups, you know that when exciting things like the AI revolution happens, the true revolution starts with startups, right? Startups push the limits like no one else. They ask why like no one else. And many of you are putting it all on the line to solve a problem that's never been solved by anyone else. And we take that responsibility super seriously, and we hope to learn from you as well. So let me give you a bit of a perspective of what we're going to be doing today. And you see the smiling faces here in the chairs, but also behind us. I want to make sure that we call out the fact that many of you may know a report that we released recently called The Future of AI Perspectives for Startups. In a moment, I'm going to have a QR code so that all of you can access that. But that was a report where we actually reached out to 23 leaders from across the ecosystem in the industry to ask some provocative questions to really make the interesting hype around AI real. And what's exciting about this session is four of those 23 people had joined us on stage today to give us a bit of insight as to how they see this revolution happening. Now, as you see, these four folks are going to bring a very diverse set of backgrounds and experiences. David, here is our VP of product at Google DeepMind, has a very interesting background not only at Google but LinkedIn, et cetera, and we look forward to leveraging some of your experience, David. Crystal Huang, who's a general partner at Google Ventures, also focusing deeply on AI and investments of early and mid-stage but doing some fascinating things that we're going to learn from, from Crystal. And then we have two founders building really interesting and dramatic capabilities with AI. I'm sure you've heard of, if you haven't heard of the two of them by name, you definitely know what they're building. And that is Dylan Fox, who's founder and CEO of Assembly AI, as well as Harrison Chase, who's the co-founder and CEO at Langchain. These folks have come together with us today to bring some of the insights from our report to life. And so with that being said, welcome, the four of you, to the stage, and thanks again for giving us a little bit of time today. So let's go ahead and dive in. As many of you know, if any of you do know me, I love for us to go off script, so my team always panics when I say that a little bit. And so as part of our prep, I was like, we can throw these note cards out the window and kind of take us whatever direction we go. But I will start us off with a little bit of structure, right, to make sure that we get things started on the right foot. So I would love to do a bit of a round robin and start maybe Crystal first with you, that when we think about AI, we think about revolution, can we first start with maybe one of your most counterintuitive observations? So maybe not one of the mainstream things that we would all know, but share a surprise or a counterintuitive recommendation or proposal or forecast of what you see in the AI industry, please. Great, and thank you for having us, by the way. So I think what I've been observing is over the last two years, there's been crazy adoption of AI-powered applications, and that's where a lot of the venture capital enthusiasm is going. As I talk to CIOs and CTOs at large enterprises, I actually think the momentum of DIY with tooling is going to grow and maybe catch up, because the promise of Gen AI is that it all gets easier, right, that non-technical people are empowered to build things, the tooling gets more abstracted, any business user can make an application and kind of tweak it, and I'm seeing more and more enterprises say, I don't want to buy, I think I'm smart enough to build it. And so I think a lot of the budget actually shifts to tooling, infrastructure, talent, and we don't maybe see quite so much continued momentum on the app side. Fascinating. I hope that we can dig into that a little bit more. Something tells me that we will be able to. And Dylan, I'd love to hear from you. I mean, Dylan is doing some amazing things, which we'll hear about in terms of the fusion of speech and AI. Also, you and I have been able to be on stage a few times, even before AI was getting as exciting as now, but you have some amazing predictions. So what about your counterintuitive prediction in the industry? Yeah, and also thanks for having us here. Probably on a similar thread to what you said you were observing, I think there's going to be a lot more fragmentation and specialization within this infrastructure stack that people are stringing together to build these AI applications and workflows than you might think. I think there was a certain time in the market where, and still this sentiment exists, that everything is going to consolidate, and you're going to see rapid consolidation. But if anything, we have thousands of customers that we work with. We're an infrastructure platform. And more and more, if you look actually at their architectures, we're one of dozens of AI tools and systems that they're leveraging to make their applications successful. And the ones that are not taking that kind of best-of-breed, specialized approach are not having as much success in differentiating their product or making it better. So the companies that are leveraging observability tools and that are leveraging a mix of different AI technologies to understand where's our thing breaking, how do they make it better, how do they service all their customers across data security, language, regional requirements, are the ones that are building the best products. And they're the ones that are actually taking off and growing like crazy over a year. So that's one of the hypotheses that we have is that there's going to be a lot more specialization within this AI infrastructure stack over the coming years than I think folks realize. And it's a great opportunity for startup companies because you can try to grab one of those areas and really focus your company around those. Excellent. That's great. Thanks, Dylan. And Harrison, same question for you. I mean, right, you're solving a really interesting problem, incredible growth, but what has that experience taught you about something counterintuitive around AI? Yeah, I think as we build more and more autonomous systems, I think one thing that really matters is how those systems interact with us as users. And I think that might be a little bit counterintuitive because if you think it's more autonomous, you're like, great, I don't have to interact with it as much, right? Like, that's the whole point. And I think to some extent that's true, but I think like because these systems are, like working with these agentic systems is a form of communication, and communication's really hard, and you want to be thoughtful about communication. And communication with humans is really complex, and there's a lot of subtle things that we do. And so, you know, if we think about chat as the primary way that we interact with AI today, it's maybe a simplistic, but actually really useful way to interact with AI. You can see exactly what's going on. Things stream back. The humans in the loop. You kick it off. It doesn't go off the rails. As we start going more and more autonomously, you better communicate really well with it up front, and you probably want some safeguards for it to communicate back to you. And like, what does that look like? I don't think we have an answer. I think chat is still the dominant UX by far. And I think there's some interesting stuff, really interesting stuff being done in the UX space, but I think that's one area that in order to unlock more long-running agents, we'll actually have to nail some of the expectations and design around the UX through which we communicate and interact with it with. Fascinating. Thank you, Harrison. And David, let's come back around to you. Obviously, you've been at Google and LinkedIn, DeepMind. When you think of something counterintuitive, what would you share with this group today? Yeah, I think one of the interesting things about AI right now is there isn't a lot of consensus on things. I think there's varying viewpoints. Even in our report that we published, you saw a number of different perspectives on things. I think one thing that maybe is forming a consensus, I hear a lot now about how these software coding tools are getting so good and we're going to have software agents that you shouldn't study computer science anymore and there's not going to be any software engineers. There'll be many fewer software engineering jobs. I actually take the flip side of that. I think that these tools are going to create a level of abstraction which are going to basically dramatically increase the number of software engineers we'll see going forward. I think the role of the job may change, you know, less pure writing code and more figuring out how to create and orchestrate systems to get things done. But I'm very bullish on that field growing as these tools become more pervasive. Excellent. It's a great point. When we give you the QR code and you can access this report, it's interesting, right? As you read it, there were counter arguments being made as to what may be happening and so I found that to be interesting. Hey, David, I'd love to stay with you. And when we think about, again, that diverse experience that you've had, I almost feel like you can help us time travel, right? And right now, time traveling three weeks feels like an eternity. But if you could, time travel three to five years into the future. And if you were to look at what you see and what you think may be coming, what would be a handful of underserved areas where you think AI could actually have a sizable impact? Again, there's founders and builders in this room and you may give them their next big idea. So what would you share with us with that in mind? Yeah, I think, well, first I would say, I think these technologies are gonna transform everything, every industry. And we talk to, and in my job, I talk to companies at every different size and scale, every different industry, from entertainment to finance to technology, et cetera, healthcare. And there's massive applications and implications for AI in their businesses. And every company in the world, I think right now, every CEO certainly is thinking about either how to take advantage of AI or how AI is gonna disrupt their business. From a startup perspective, I would say when you look at these past tech waves, whether it be the internet or mobile devices or cloud computing, typically the first few years, and let's say we're in year two or three of sort of the modern AI wave, the first few years is very tough to build a startup because the tooling and the infrastructure just isn't there yet. And I think if you look now, we're a couple years into this, the infrastructure's actually getting really good. If you look at what LaneChain's doing or what Assembly AI's doing or what we're doing with our Gemini models, I mean, it's a perfect time to be building a startup because this infrastructure's there, it's getting more specialized, and it's just getting better and better. So I really look at the application layer, the services layer, the solution layer, what can be built. And I think the opportunity for startups is to take advantage of these incredible capabilities. You know, the models today continually get better and better every week. I mean, you see almost every day in the industry, there's some sort of announcement, either from Google or someone else in the industry, about some new capability or some new breakthrough, and it's really hard to stay on top of that. But if we were to freeze all model development, you know, today in the industry, you would still have at least two to three years of runway to build out new product experiences, right? So I think that the ability to take advantage of these capabilities is lagging. The pace at which these capabilities are getting better. So I think as a startup, you know, my encouragement would be, you know, find an industry or a domain that you know really well and go really deep on that and just understand, you know, what the problem spaces are in there, what things have not been able to be solved before, cannot be solved well. And then, you know, come up with a sort of a first principles approach to how you would take today's technology and really rethink those things. And it's not just the product layer. I think you're going to see, you know, a lot of startups are innovating around, you know, business models are innovating around, you know, combining what might have been before, technology plus labor and people and how do you create an agent technology to do that. So I think there's plenty of white space around, but I would really go deep in an area to really understand it because I think there's just, there's going to be tremendous opportunity the next couple of years. Exciting. Thank you for that. And speaking of exciting, Dylan, I know when you and I had the chance to meet, what struck me with what you and your team are doing at Assembly is you took on some big, complicated challenges right up front. You decided, let's not, let's skip the easy stuff and let's go right to the hard stuff. And so if you don't know Dylan, if you don't know Assembly, you should take some time today to do some research. The concept that I remember you saying once, Dylan, was moving from speech to text to speech to meaning, right? And kind of that whole concept of transformation. Can you talk a little bit more about what does that transformation look like for you and what you're building at Assembly? Yeah. Yeah. You know, I think what I'll do is talk about that through the lens of some of our customers because I think that actually showcases the value of that shift more. So the first I think about is we just had this huge contact center platform switch over to Assembly. They handle tens of millions of phone calls, customer support phone calls a month. Four weeks after switching over, they saw a 60% reduction in customer escalations that they were getting across their contact center operations. People complaining about, you know, features or workflows not working because of quality issues or just like overall quality issues. That's like a huge 60% reduction across tens of millions of customer support interactions. That saves that customer a crazy amount of cost savings when it comes to just doing customer support because now there's like a lot less customer support to do. Your customers are happier, so they're not going to churn. So you just mitigated a bunch of churn and your customer satisfaction just went way up. So your customers are happier and your company's doing better. And, you know, when you looked at the evaluation that that customer did when they were selecting us, some of the quantitative metrics that they looked at, we were like 10, 15, sometimes 20% better, right? But the areas that we were better translate into huge impact downstream, which is why they saw this 60% reduction in customer escalations. And another example I'd give you is there's this really innovative startup called Ciro AI. I don't know if you've heard of them before, but they're building an AI app for field sales. So, you know, someone's like installing a new boiler in your house and they try to upsell you, right? They're now recording that on an app so that a remote field sales manager can listen in on the conversation after the fact and look at the transcript and give that field sales rep some notes and coaching. And what they're seeing is that they're helping field sales reps take home $10,000 to $20,000 more per quarter in take-home pay because they're getting coaching on how to do a better job when they're trying to upsell or close the sale in the field. And historically, there's no way to coach these field sales reps because you'd have to drive around with them all day. Super awkward to have someone listening in, like in person on a field sales visit. And what they talk about is one of the key problems they faced is, you know, the technician starts recording and puts the phone back in their pocket, right? And then they're walking around the house. There's a lot of noise. There's multiple people talking. They need to be able to detect who said what really accurately to be able to give coaching accurately after the fact. And we focused heavily on being able to solve that problem for companies like Ciro. And now they can build these applications that are having success like this in the real world. And they're growing like crazy fast. They just had this huge partnership. They announced with Service Titan. So for us, it's really around like understanding, you know, what are the things that these application developers, these development teams, these product teams need to be able to do around human speech in addition to recognizing it to be able to build these types of workflows and have these successes in the real world. And then we really focus on solving those problems. That's great. What's exciting about, there's a lot of things that's exciting about what you've said. But what I think has always been fascinating is I've gotten to know you better and what you're building is, you know, we have a lot of experience with founders and builders that say, hey, I'm going to build something and I'm going to go right to the biggest enterprises, right? And what's great about what you've built, those two examples are fantastic, is one, very large complex organization where you were able to drive down by 60%, and then also a super innovative, a peer startup that says, hey, we don't do that well. We're building something in a core, so I'm actually going to leverage assembly. Is that something that you feel like we're going to see more of, of startups actually enabling each other as you each seek to solve an individual problem? Yeah, it's a great question. I do think that, you know, to a point, you know, both of you made, is that there's a lot more infrastructure being built, and a lot of that is being built by startups right now. Startups like Langchain, startups like Assembly, you know, a bunch of others, and it's an amazing time to be an entrepreneur and a founder because you can leverage all this stuff and, like, Lovable and Cursor and, like, get products out to market and get feedback super fast and iterate really, really quickly. So I do think that that will be the case, but I also see it at the enterprise level, too, where now that people are getting more familiar with how to build with AI, they're talking to systems integrators, talking to companies like Assembly, and taking on these projects to build versus buy, and we definitely see that pattern where sometimes we'll see a customer come inbound, and I'm like, why are they trying to build this with us? You know, they should just be trying to buy our customers SaaS application that does this for them. But there are certain things they want to customize or optimize for, or they feel like it's something, for whatever reason, they just want to do internally and control it. So I think across both, like, startups and enterprises, there's a big opportunity to build a lot of this infrastructure out. Some of the infrastructure and tooling problems are still being uncovered, and so that's also a great opportunity for, you know, potential startup companies to go solve those problems. You know, last example I'll give is, like, these voice agents are, like, a huge new tech stack that a lot of really innovative startups are starting to stand up and build. And there's this whole set of observability and monitoring software around these voice agents that are coming to market now from, like, YC startups. I think there were, like, three in the last batch. And they help you really understand, like, where your call's with an AI failing, what situation, so you can go in and try to optimize and solve those problems. So there's still a lot of infrastructure to be built out because the applications are still so new. Very cool. Thank you. What I'm excited about for having Crystal on the stage is there's a lot of folks here that are building their companies, and so the fact that we can have a venture capital leader on the stage is always appealing. What I'd love to hear from you, Crystal, is you're looking at AI, you're looking at early stage, and you also have the incredible ability, a true bird's eye view across the industry. Can you share a little bit of guidance for those folks in the room that are building their own businesses around what are the factors that, this is the million dollar question, but what are the factors that you see that will position a startup for success versus what are some of the trends that you see that typically show themselves when a startup is struggling to grow? Sure. I think there are two aspects to this. One is how they approach the market, right, and their actual strategy as a startup, and the other is sort of their internal operations. I'll start with the latter. You can be incredibly hyper-efficient as a startup now if you leverage every available Gen AI tool that's out there. There are leaderboards now that you can see on Twitter of companies with the most ARR per FTE, and the best companies drive millions of ARR, right? There are five people, companies that can do 10 million in revenue, and that has never been at least seen before over my ARC adventure, and so the companies that I think are hyper-paranoid about that, right, that question every incremental hire, do we need this? Does this drag down an ARR number? Does this add another three million of ARR? They have, we really like when they're very thoughtful about that, because you really, scaling companies now are oftentimes no longer about scaling headcount, and so just sort of making sure the founders feel that kind of urgency and really care about that and are competitive about that, we really, really like. I think the other aspect is building a business that can have some kind of defensibility or moat, and people always kind of say that, and what does that really mean in a world where even the model is open source, right? And so even that layer is under stress. So I think what we look for is, you know, do you have some kind of access to data that isn't, like, publicly available? So, like, cannot be indexed by a foundation model, and that could be, that could mean that, like, the system of record in your vertical is closed, so that's part of why, like, core banking or insurance or healthcare or, like, offline data sources like the one you mentioned with field sales, because no LLM actually has that data, right? It's not indexable, and it's not easily gathered, and so you have to go do BD or have strong relationships with the companies in your vertical to get access to that, so even getting the access can be, like, a king-making sort of, you know, result. And as you deploy with more customers, like, feeding that data back into your workflows and fine-tuning and so just amassing the degree to which you know that problem space and customer, like, so we kind of look for that virtuous cycle and that benefit of, like, not everyone can get the data, so you are uniquely positioned if you can get it. I think that's sort of what we're looking for now. Excellent. Thank you for that. And Harrison, congrats, obviously, on the incredible results that Langchain's already showing. I know it's just the beginning, but a lot of times when we talk about startup growth at rapid scale, we talk about scale, scale, scale, and so what I'd love to do is to hear from you about scale but also talk about flexibility, which I think sometimes we conflate those things unintentionally. Scale is one thing, but being able to build on an infrastructure that allows you to be flexible based on the needs of the market is very different than adding scale. Can you speak a little bit about how you've operated but also give some advice on balancing flexibility and scale and hypergrowth? Yeah. I mean, I think it comes down to having kind of, like, the right foundations with anything. So I think maybe I can take this from kind of, like, two perspectives, both, like, how we've approached the open source project, which has kind of, like, grown rapidly, but then also how we've thought about enabling some startups and companies to build this foundation. So for the open source project, we started LinkChain as a side project, so it did not have the right foundations at all. I think it was one repo with, like, just tons of commits coming in and just, you know, no kind of, like, like, very little CI, things like that. And so over the past, like, and that was actually great at the beginning because it allowed us to have that flexibility. We were able to iterate super quickly. About a year and a half, two years ago, we really started focusing more on what was important for the scale that LinkChain was at, which is stability at that point. And so we did a bunch of things in the open source around how we do package management and how we do versioning to make more stable releases with no breaking changes and split out dependencies into separate packages. And so that's kind of, like, evolved over time as well. One of the things that we've seen kind of, like, throughout this as well is that it's really important for companies building on top of us to have kind of, like, the right foundations as well. And what does that mean? You know, a lot of people building on top of us are building agentic types of applications. And what we've seen be the kind of, like, determining factor for building that is really having the right level of control and reliability within your application. A lot of the agents we see today are pretty verticalized and pretty focused on specific things. And so being able to control exactly what's going on inside your application is really important. So we launched LandGraph about a year, year and a half ago and the distinguishing feature there is it's very low level, highly controllable, lets you build a combination of, like, an agent and a flow. And that's basically what we see being in production is something between, like, just a tool calling loop and a workflow. It's somewhere in the middle. And so, like, you know, as an example, C.H. Robinson is a great example. They have a process by which they do a lot of inventory management and previously it was done by humans and they had basically a standard operating procedure that they would write out. And they translate that into, like, some combination of prompts and code and that can now, I forget the exact number of hours it saves, but it saves a lot of time. And so I think that's an example of having the right foundation which is, like, low level, highly controllable and then building upon that and really infusing their domain knowledge and domain expertise. One thing I'd maybe add to Crystal's answer, actually, is I think, like, yes, like, data can be a moat, but I'd actually argue that the domain expertise to build these, like, cognitive architectures that power the agents, especially for specific things, is, I'd argue that's a moat as well. And I think the teams that we see having the most success aren't necessarily, like, the strongest technically. They kind of, like, blend. They have that blend of technical capability, but also really deep understanding about the problem and the subject. Understood. That's great clarification. I know I'm kind of considering this a 40, 45-minute master class for everyone in the room. And another one of the million-dollar questions out there is, you know, hey, I've got an idea, but where do I even start? Right? And so I'd love to actually hear from all of you. Maybe, Crystal, we could start with you around if you were to have a moment with some of the founders or potential founders here to say, hey, here's one piece of advice. I'll ask you to narrow it down to one. Keep this in mind if you're about to start or initiate a new AI-driven business or augment the business you have with AI. What would be that single piece of advice that you would provide? I think it's easier to answer the augmentation piece, right? I would be kind of lazy, but what are your employees actually paying with their own credit cards that you don't know about yet? Right? And so a lot of the, you know, code co-pilots and co-gen companies took off way before any engineering managers knew about them. People were just wiping their credit card and shadow IT-ing it. And I suspect that when people are motivated to be more productive and make more money, they'll find little hacks. And so I would say, like, for existing companies, like, what are your employees secretly using? And, you know, try to invest in those. That's a great recommendation. It reminds me of even the early days of cloud, those of you that, you know, early 2000s of, you know, things happening in a shadow context, that that's where the innovation was happening and then that became mainstream. So it's interesting to have you recommend that that could be another path forward. I think that makes a lot of sense. Hey, Dylan, same question for you. If you had to give one single piece of amazing sage advice to someone considering starting a business or augmenting their business with AI, what would that be? Yeah. So I'll answer the first one. It's probably easier for me to answer. I think, you know, don't focus on the capability. Focus more on the customer problem that you're trying to solve. You know, I think, us included, there was a period where we were just really focused on, like, and I think the whole industry, the capability of the stuff. And it was like, look at the benchmarks and look how cool this stuff is. But now, you know, I think for a lot of companies, when you publish a new benchmark, customers are like, so what? You know, and what I talk to our team about is like, you know, we have to answer the so what for people. Like, how does this help you improve your business, improve your product, like, deliver value? And so I think an opportunity that startups have to a point you made is really deeply understand the customer problem and the market that you're focusing on and build some institutional knowledge there as a founder or as a startup company. And then you can hyper-optimize this AI product or technology you're building in service of that customer and the things they care about. And then you can really show them like this value that you're able to deliver to them. I think that is a shift that the market has made. It's like, you know, there's so many updates coming out all the time from products, from technology. So really, you know, take a like customer first, value first focus, not a like technology capability first focus. great advice. So we have, look at what your employees are using from a shadow perspective and see if you can solve that problem. Keeping the customer need front and center, don't get obsessed with the capability, but keep that balance. Harrison, what about, what would you add to those two great recommendations? I'll kind of build off Dylan's, I think. I think in that vein of like keeping really focused on a specific problem and deeply understanding that, I'd say anything that you can write like a standard operating procedure for and give to like a really smart intern, turn that into an agent or try to turn that into an agent. And then in that same vein as well, when you're doing that, write evals so that you know exactly. And evals are a way of communicating what you expect to happen as well. So it's a way of crystallizing. I think, yeah, you can focus on the capabilities too much and be like, oh, this is awesome. We can do all these cool things, but what's the point? What does good look like? So maybe to not be too similar to Dylan's, I'll say that, write evals for whatever you're building. Excellent recommendation. And David, you've had a bunch of product innovation, delivery roles. I'd love to hear your single piece of advice for folks in the room as well. Yeah, I think I'll build on Dylan and Harrison. Once you understand the customer problem intimately, I would then come up with the ideal product solution first, like sort of in your mind or your head or define it, whether it's a service or a solution or some combination. And then I would work backwards and try to get the technology to build that experience. And I think one thing that is a huge opportunity for startups right now is it's kind of an undiscovered art on how to build a great AI product. There's so few great AI products out there today because it's really hard. And it reminds me of, you know, the advent of the smartphones in 2007, 2008. Everyone wanted to have a mobile presence. Every startup, every company was trying to build a mobile presence. And what a lot of companies were doing was just taking their desktop website and putting it sort of in a mobile app, right? They weren't thinking from first principles on how do I leverage the unique capabilities of mobile? You know, things such as the GPS, the camera on the phone, the address book import, right, notifications. And if today you fast forward to the present, like if you're going to build a mobile app, there's a pretty well understood playbook on how to build a great mobile app, right? There isn't that playbook really today for AI. And so to build the best products, you know, you see some of these companies out there, especially at the application level, they do a lot of very complicated orchestration, model tuning, all kinds of stuff under the hood. As an end user of the product or end customer, all that complexity is abstracted from you, right? And so I think over time, if you fast forward two or three years, I think there will be a well understood playbook for how to build a great AI application. But it doesn't exist today. And so my recommendation would be, you know, start with the end product in mind first and then kind of work backwards and try to get these models today. And if they can't do it today, you know, it could be in six months they are able to do some of these things because these models just get more and more capable. They're more steerable. They're better at instruction following. You have unique features like long context windows. There's a lot more you can do. But start with the product first. Excellent. Thank you. I forgot an important piece of advice for starting new AI companies, which is to call Darren. Okay. And my home phone number is now. Yeah. Thank you. I'll do my best to now respond to all of the emails that I will be receiving. Thank you, Crystal. So, Crystal, one thing I find fascinating about what you do every day is you look out at a broad set of industry data. There's a combination of signal and noise in what you're getting. And I'm curious, when you think about the lessons that you've learned over your time of making the right bets, I know maybe not all right, but a lot of really great right bets, what are some of those experiences that you've had when you think about that signal and noise concept that you've been working in? I think a lot more about the bets we missed, honestly, and what we learned from that. And I think, you know, for a long time, we had no foundation model investments. For a long time, we had no inference training clouds because I think we had a question of, is this defensible? Is this just hardware? You know, what differentiates one cloud GPU versus another? And so I think we stayed away from some of the core infra plays. And, you know, we could have made like one of five bets in multiple spaces and done well. And so looking back on that, I think it's, if the momentum is there and the, you know, demand far outstrips the supply and the market trends are there, things can grow and become big without your first principles investor memo telling you that. And so you really just have to, you know, sort of not overthink it and follow the customer. Excellent. Thank you for that. Hey, Dylan, can I come back around to you? Again, thinking about the experience that you have and what you're building, it's this fusion of the technology and the human. Can you talk a little bit more about that AI-human collaboration or fusion going forward? Any predictions out there as to how you think that may continue to evolve? Yeah. It's moving so fast and you're doing this every single day. So I'd love to hear that. Yeah. I think, I can think of two trends that I'd bring up. So one is, I mean, how many people in this room use an AI-knowtaker in your meetings? Can you raise your hand? Less than I thought. Those are, like, some of the fastest growing apps on our platform. It's crazy. You should use one if you're not using one. Like, Fireflies, Granola, there's a lot of these out there now. Like, it's crazy how much more productive they can make you if you're in a lot of meetings, taking notes for you, action items, like, keeping you accountable. I think, like, over half our company uses them now. And we can do these really, we have these really cool workflows we've built where every customer conversation we have, they're, you know, if the customer, you know, is cool with it, of course, like, that's recorded. And the key takeaways and, like, product feedback is, like, streamed back in the Slack that, like, everyone can look at. So there's a channel where, like, our engineers, our researchers can go look at, like, this firehose of customer feedback from, like, every customer action we're having, both in, you know, text and voice. And so, I think that one is, like, these, these kind of AI systems that are working with you, even, you know, in person or virtually as you're working and, like, over the voice modality is going to be a mainstream thing that is, like, in the workforce. A lot of these companies are, that started with, like, virtual meetings are now launching iOS apps and, like, even some hardware devices that you can just, like, wear. So I think that, that will be one. The other one that's unfolding really quickly is this whole voice agent market. So, you know, calling in to get, like, a question about a, like, book an appointment or customer service and the success rate on those voice agent calls is, like, 40% in the real world right now. So there's still a long way to go, but 40% is, like, pretty high. You know, that's, like, 40% of interactions that can now actually be automated away. And the experience is, like, pretty good. You know, we had a big customer come in a couple weeks ago and they showed us this voice agent product that they just took into beta because they have this, like, contact center platform for small businesses. So they help small businesses understand phone calls that are coming in, how people heard about them, products they're asking about, et cetera. But I think it's something like 20% of calls in the small businesses go unanswered because it's either after hours or they're busy helping a customer so they can't answer their phone or something. So now they're launching a voice agent that can at least, like, answer some basic questions, take your information down. It's better than getting a voicemail or no one answering the phone. And I think you're going to see, like, crazy adoption and deployment of those over the next 18 months. And I would argue, like, yeah, maybe, like, half of the phone calls that we make over the next 18 months into a business or, you know, like, if you call everyone here staying at a hotel to, like, place a room service order, probably, like, half of those interactions will be automated with AI within the next, like, 18, 24 months, which I think is going to be a pretty big shift. But the technology is, like, rapidly getting there. Those are great observations. Thank you. Harrison, when you think about what excites you most, and I'd love to, like, unfettered thinking, it doesn't have to even be possible today, right? Although I know David and team are probably working on it. That's what I'll say. What excites you the most when you zoom out and think about what we're all experiencing in AI at the moment? I think there's maybe two things. One ties into your last question, just, like, how will we interact with AI as it becomes more and more prevalent? I think I really, really agree with the idea of these ambient things that are always on. I'd maybe add one thing that in addition to just kind of, like, taking notes, soon I think they'll start to want to take actions. Maybe they'll want to message a customer based on the call or something like that. And so I think in addition to having somewhere for these ambient agents to kind of, like, dump their outputs, there also needs to be a way for them to kind of, like, get approval to do things or ask you follow-up questions or basically interact with you proactively. And that style of, like, ambient agents always running in the background, listening to events or conversations or triggered by time and then interacting with you when they need things, I'm really excited by that. The other thing that I'm really excited about is some of the multi-agent stuff and agent-to-agent communication. I know Google announced A to A as a multi-agent communication protocol today. I think that's really interesting. I think when we talk with large enterprises, nearly every single one of them imagines that they will have a lot of agents because all the agents we see are focused on specific things. And not all of them are going to be built by the same teams. Not all of them are going to be built on the same framework as much as I wish they were all built on Langchain. Not all of them are going to be. Not all of them are going to be built internally, right? There's going to be external agents. And so how do these all come together? I think that's, like, the number one thing that we hear enterprises kind of, like, asking about. So I think those are the two things that I'm most excited by. Thank you for that. Crystal, same question. What excites you most? Completely unfettered thinking. Something maybe I talked a little bit about in this report, but even though I'm an enterprise investor, I'm very excited about consumer experiences, especially hyper-personalization. So we've been looking at, you know, things in education, for example, or mental health coaching. And for the longest time, I think a lot of the apps and experiences we've talked about have been improving employee productivity. But outside of having a really fun sort of consumer chat interface, no one's flight is actually being booked in a very reliable way yet, right? No one's texts are being done. Like, no one's receiving, like, you know, AI mental health and so, or math lessons. And so there's a lot of potential to take this experience, you know, in a more trusted, high-quality way to the end consumer for a lot of these things that are actually not automated at all. Right. Amazing. And David, I mean, in my opinion, you get to work in a super interesting part of the industry where we're looking around big, big corners. What you can talk about, do you mind sharing what excites you most when you think about what's happening in the AI industry? Yeah, I think when people think about DeepMind, they often think about our Gemini models and our large language models. I think our AI portfolio is much broader than that and we're working on AI in a lot of different areas. I think one of the most exciting applications is just accelerating scientific discovery. We announced, made some announcements this morning around that, but we have models such as AlphaFold and biology, which could revolutionize drug discovery. We have weather prediction models, we have material science models, and so robotics is another area. A lot of these are very hard sort of physical science disciplines where there hasn't been a lot of innovation or it hasn't been as fast, and you could really see AI accelerating that innovation in these more traditional areas, which could unlock entirely new industries. So I think that's really exciting. And then I think the second thing I would mention that I think is pretty exciting is the cost of AI is dropping pretty dramatically. And so if you look over, I think, the last three years in the industry, the cost per token is down about 1,000x, right? And it continues to drop. And so the models become increasingly more capable at the same price points for a price performance basis. You're just getting more and more. And there's really no asymptote in terms of our line of sight in terms of these models maturing. So when you have rapidly improving technology and you have the cost of that technology dropping dramatically, it means that technology will just be pervasive and will basically influence every aspect of life. And so you really think about maybe some services that are very expensive today to deliver, such as medicine and doctors and lawyers, things like that, could be really democratized and you could give people much greater access to these types of things. That's great. A lot of folks in our organization, we have the chance to work closely in biomedical engineering and healthcare life sciences. And we often say that biology is not going to cure cancer. Technology in biology is going to cure cancer. And as a father of two daughters, both in college, one of them being a biomedical engineering student, I must say it was a proud moment when she talked to me about what AlphaFold was doing for her in her lab work. And so, you know, if a college student is leveraging a product to be able to do that kind of advanced work so much more quickly than imagine what else is possible out there. So thank you, David. So believe it or not, we've come to the final moments where I just want to thank our four folks here. I know that they'll be rushing off, but I also know you may be able to trap them as they try to get to the door. I really appreciate all of the insights and experiences that you've been able to share. As I talked about, we did this report. Here's the QR code. You're going to be able to learn a lot more about what these four industry experts said about AI. So please definitely take an opportunity to scan that. I'll leave that up because I see a bunch of phones coming up. The last thing that I'll do is just thank all of you. We all know that, especially in the startup world, the most scarce resource that you all have is your time. And so we take it seriously that you've given us this time today. We hope you've gotten a lot out of this session. Just remember that if you're not already involved with Google Cloud, putting Crystal's comment out there, myself and a number of the team members that are here in the room are available to make sure that we're not only giving you credits because we can all give you credits, but the thing that makes us special and unique is we're giving you really smart, passionate people that want to wrap ourselves around what you're building and make sure that you have an experience that frankly you can't find anywhere else in the industry. We believe we have great gravity around our AI platform, infrastructure, chips, models, agents. But what's powerful as many of you know is Google Cloud also has a rather robust enterprise platform. So data and analytics, compute storage, network, security, and collaboration and the fact that we can wrap all of that in a startup program that as I said will give you some credits to get started but also will help make sure that you have access to engineers, to support, to training. For us it's important that we help you be incredibly successful with the incredible products that we're working to give you every single day. Make sure to find myself. If you would and you're a Googler in the startup organization, I'm going to embarrass you but raise your hand. You see some folks up here. Identify these folks with their hands raised. Find them. Ask them questions. Get their contact information because we want to be there to help you from the very beginning. Thank you all so much again for your time today and I hope you had a great session and enjoy the rest of next. Okay, we'll see you soon. Thank you.