 Okay, good morning, folks. I appreciate you all showing up here very early in the morning. My name is Andrew Kopinski. I am here from GTIG, the Google Threat Intelligence Group. My job is a little bit funky, but mostly what I'm sent to do is things like this. I'm here to give talks to people about what we see across GTIG about cybersecurity. And today we're really talking primarily about what we've seen targeting cloud environments over the past year and what that threat landscape is going to look like and how that's going to evolve moving forward. So we're going to start by kind of diving right in today. This is really where I want to start for a couple of good reasons, right? I think these two charts is really kind of an excellent place to begin talking about the cyber threat landscape. This is really a good 10,000 feet view of what GTIG has seen. These charts come from Q3 of last year, and they are looking at basically all of the impacts of the attacks that we've seen affecting cloud in that particular slice of time, right? This is really about three months of data, and this is the chart on the left here is basically how they got into the cloud environments. The chart on the right is basically what they were trying to get out, right? Like what their goal was. As you can see, this chart on the left, a huge portion of these compromises come from phishing. We also have stolen credentials up there. There were SIM swapping, web compromise, social media. All of these basically are things that you would expect to see, right? I think one of the best takeaways from these charts is that really the story here that tells kind of the most important thing to me is that when you see phishing, you see stolen credentials, you see SIM swapping, all of these different things are targeting essentially the same thing. One of the trends that we've seen in cloud compromises as we've kind of become more integrated in, you know, Mandiant coming in and getting acquainted with how cloud security does stuff and how kind of GTIG and this reformation has happened, and we start to think in new ways about how cloud security happens is that the ability to compromise identity, meaning password and username, cookie sessions, you know, all these different little tips and tricks and technology that you use to prove that the person who's touching the thing on your network is who they say they are, right? This idea of compromised identity has become really the cornerstone of how we understand cloud security, which I think makes a lot of sense. If you think about how you have approached computing and doing all this different work that we do, if you think about how you interact with computers day to day anymore in your personal life, how many of you every day have wake up and find some piece of software, you download it to a specific hard drive that is on a machine that you are touching with your fingertips, activate it with a key and then you run that locally and that's all you do with that software. I'm going to guess very few of you. I think the only thing that I use that qualifies as that is like an old video game from 10 years ago, right? Almost everything that we use in our day to day and almost everything that we use to do business these days is accessing some sort of application, some sort of program, some sort of resource that is located somewhere else, accessed through username and password, some sort of MFA. You have to log in and prove that you are who you say you are to access all of these different resources 100 times a day, maybe 1,000. This has become fundamentally one of the things that has become a cornerstone in how we are understanding actors targeting cloud environments. And I want to start today by talking really about espionage. When we talk about espionage teams, what I mean is some sort of cyber intrusion actor that is operating at the behest of or on behalf of some nation state for geopolitical gain, right? Really what we're seeing is this interesting dynamic growing in cyber espionage groups where they are developing, in many cases, very, very sophisticated ways to compromise victims, right? The initial access vectors, which means like the first thing that attackers do to gain access to a network or a victim. The initial access vectors that they use usually is something that, in many cases, is very, very complex. We see custom zero days. We see very sophisticated kind of phishing and spoofing and all these different things. In many cases, these zero days that they're using, and many of them do use these zero days, are targeted at endpoint devices, right? You see routers, you see sometimes kind of firewalls, you see many of the VPNs, many of these different things that are being targeted by zero days, that are custom, right? They have either purchased or built or have the resources to find these very specific powerful vulnerabilities that allow them to gain access to a given environment. Once they have access to that environment, that's kind of their foothold. But after they establish that foothold and they're able to kind of reasonably make sure that they can gain entry to this environment, we've started to see this really interesting pattern emerge. A lot of what they're doing is moving around on network and actually accomplishing their goals, meaning like the end goal of their intrusions, whether that's data exfiltration or reconnaissance or anything like this. Most of what they're doing is being done by compromising identity. We're seeing some of these very sophisticated threat actors, some of the most sophisticated in the world, develop custom zero days and then steal passwords. And that's how they move around. Which at the end of the day, I think makes a lot of sense, right? And this is a good example of what we mean when we say that cyber espionage are really starting to target cloud in at least interesting ways, if not particularly sophisticated ways. So this is a really good example from APT29. We've seen them operating over the past couple of years. Mostly what they're doing is not specifically targeting, this is APT29 for those who don't know, Russian nexus cyber espionage, right? The main thing that Russia has been concerned about over the past five, six, seven, eight years has been Ukraine, increasingly since the invasion began. APT29 in particular is not super interested in targeting Ukraine directly. Basically what they do is they target people who care about or are doing something in or somehow involved in what's happening in Ukraine. So this can be other governments, it can be NGOs, peace, you know, Peace Corps people, this can be cyber defense people, it can be anybody, right? But what we're seeing in these particular intrusions is that this particular team, APT29, had these two separate initial access clusters. And one of them was really kind of normal. They were doing a lot of phishing, stuff we've seen them do for 10, 15, 20 years. The other one, though, was specifically going after cloud. And I think this one was kind of more interesting because what they were doing with this secondary cluster was specifically tuned to targeting cloud environments. And the way that they were targeting cloud environments at the end of the day was very, very simplistic, really. We're not talking about technically sophisticated things, we're talking about things that work. So what we would see this cluster do, and it seems to be a dedicated cluster or a team that works within APT29's general group, is that they really are doing this kind of interesting attack chain, right? So they start with this kind of password spray, password stuffing technique, whereas, you know, they just kind of shoot out lists of stolen passwords or the most commonly used passwords at particular logins. Try to see if they get access. And then if they do, oftentimes these accesses and these legitimate logins that are using these stolen or password spray to brute force credentials are protected with MFA, which can be a lot of different things, but is usually either SMS, so like a text-based code, or is an app that has like a notification pop-up, right? So one of the things that they'll do with MFA bombing is if it's an app and they find the right password, they will just continue to spray that password again and again and again and again and again and again at this login, which will eventually show up on their victim's phone, right? And most of the time when I see a million notifications pop up on my phone, my first thing is, oh my God, my phone is being weird, and I hit enter. That is a legitimate access tactic that these actors have used a lot of different times to gain very significant and very dangerous access a lot of different times to a lot of different organizations. And once they have that access and they bypassed MFA, they then use that access to traverse basically everywhere else that they can get their hands on. So a lot of the times this access they'll get with these intrusions will allow them to access not just, say, somebody's email, but all of the different services they use with that email, all of the different apps that they log into. Maybe they got this from somebody's Netflix account and they're using that to kind of move in because it's a password reuse situation. Maybe it's something that was a default password that was set up on a router that was never changed. All of these different things allow them to gain their foothold in initial access. And because so many organizations are interconnected in so many different ways, what we're seeing is a very successful operation where they start to move through all of these different kind of environments with these stolen credentials after compromising MFA and then they'll do other different things. They'll use cookie stealers to get access tokens. They will sometimes then identify, you know, long dormant accounts for stuff that folks, you know, services that folks might not use anymore. And then they will, that, you know, were never kind of purged from their system and they'll still kind of use those accesses to get in or establish a foothold or whatever. The point being, APT29 is still one of the most sophisticated Russian nexus threat actors that we've seen of all time, right? One of the most dangerous groups that's in operation. They have a very storied history, very, very experienced dangerous attackers. And the stuff that they're doing, not that sophisticated. And the reason that it's not that sophisticated is because it works. This really, I think, is kind of hammered home much more intensely when we talk about what's happened in cybercrime over the past couple of years. Because cyber espionage is one thing, but really how many folks out there are really scared about, you know, Russian or Chinese-texist threat actors? Probably not very many because there's really not that many organizations that that's part of their immediate threat model, right? But ransomware, definitely part of everybody's threat model, right? This is, again, kind of the same pattern that I just talked about insofar as this is what we see cybercrime attackers do. Not entirely representative, but this is a lot of the stuff that we see them do on cloud environments, right? Software as a service access is one thing. We see them traverse a lot of different access points through many different hybrid environments. We see them target active directory. A lot of the times what they're trying to do is deploy ransomware or steal credentials for, or, I'm sorry, steal information to use in extortion attempts. But we also have seen them go after, like, hypervisors specifically, right? Where this is something that is, and we'll talk about this a little bit later, we've seen a modest increase in new ransomware families every year that are kind of natively capable of targeting virtualization and hypervisors specifically. Which makes a lot of sense, right? If you target the hypervisor and you encrypt the hypervisor, you encrypt everything the hypervisor is running. Very easy, very efficient, kind of a natural evolution of how these guys are going to make money. We also have seen them do some kind of interesting stuff with VMs insofar as we'll see a lot of these attackers go in, get access to, like, cloud buckets or compute places, and then spin up new VMs. And all of a sudden, your cloud compute bill will be, like, hundreds of thousands of dollars more than it normally is because they're mining cryptocurrency with your rented cloud environment, right? But again, this is what they're trying to do. They're trying to monetize access. In 100% of cases, when we see cybercrime, what they're trying to do is make money, as much money as possible, as safely as possible, with as little effort as possible. To that end, I think there's probably no better example than what happened last year with Unc5537. So this is a group that was going after a very big cloud-hosted environment. They went on kind of a massive spree last year, right? One of the things that kind of flew under the radar about this attack, I think, is that this attacker really went through this kind of very rapid evolution. And we'll show you how rapid in a second. But they realized very early on that they could target customers of a very specific cloud hosting provider because this cloud hosting provider didn't really require MFA for their customers, which is not uncommon, right? A lot of the times that customers come to anyone in this audience or you become customers of someone else, it's on you to set up this environment, right? This is a distributed responsibility model. This is very, very common among everybody because there's just not really a framework in place yet. So like in any good crime spree, these kind of actors moved at very, very quick pace to try and compromise as many of these environments as possible. And you can see this attack chain generally and how it actually happened, right? So 5537 realized very early on after compromising one particular victim's cloud environment that if all people who were using this particular cloud hosting provider were secured the same way, all this attacker needed was their login. So as we continued to do our investigation, this is how quickly things really escalated to hundreds of compromised environments because this attacker was moving at kind of a manic pace, right? We saw early evidence of frostbite, which is a particular exfiltration software that this particular malware that this attacker was using that allowed them to kind of go in, grab everything that was hosted on these environments and exfil it to somewhere else. We saw a huge number of intrusions start to happen very quickly in late April and into early May. Then we started to understand how fast this attacker was moving. And when we started to do these investigations, what we realized is that in most or all of these cases, this attacker was using stolen credentials. And these stolen credentials were used because they were stolen by at least five or six different info stealer malware authors, right? And to understand what this means, you basically have to think about what an info stealer is, which is just a piece of malware that goes and steals credential logins. This has been around for a long time. They're finding kind of a renaissance right now in the underground. But even going back to, like, banking trojans 15 years ago, were technically info stealers. What's happening now in the underground is that many of these attackers are simply becoming info stealer devs and kind of businessmen. They'll go out and they'll steal as many credentials as possible and then offer these credentials for sale for anybody who wants them. This attacker, Unc5537, realized that there was this big treasure trove for anybody who could get access to these particular cloud hosted environments, went out in the underground and bought as many info stealer logins from as many different places as he possibly could. So we saw five or six different devs selling info stealer data to this particular attacker. We saw password spraying techniques. We saw him reusing large kind of dumps of stolen credentials, which happen all the time. This crime spree by this attacker that wound up impacting hundreds of different organizations was enabled by this attacker realizing very early on that the way that these organizations conducted identity security had a fundamental flaw, which was that they weren't able to accurately prove that the person who was accessing their information was who they said they are. And this is really kind of the core of my talk today. I can talk to you about a lot of the different stuff that we see, and there's been a lot of talk about vulnerabilities and patching and all the different ways that folks have actually done what they've tried to do and the way that you can protect against threats. But there's no real way to maintain security. I don't care how secure you are. I don't care if you do two patching cycles a week. There's not really a way to protect yourself if you don't actually go through the process of making sure that your identity is secure. I want to show you again kind of what I mean, and this is from data that we are putting out in a report in a couple of weeks. You'll be able to see it into a blog. But this is a look at all of the investigations that we did last year that were incident response investigations into ransomware and extortion. So as you can see, brute force, number one. Exploit was number two. Tied with stolen credentials. And then web compromise, third party phishing, server compromise, all this other stuff. I want to put this in a different context. This is a better way to illustrate how important identity has become for cyber criminals. So if you take this in tandem, right? So we have brute forcing, which is basically going out and throwing passwords and password spraying at as many different ways as you possibly can to try and get access to a given login. If you combine that with stolen credentials, what we're really talking about is compromised identity as one attack vector, which I think works, right? I mean, at the end of the day, both of these attack vectors are just finding the right login, whether that's password spraying or you're going out and buying it or you've stolen it yourself. 49% of all of the ransomware investigations we did were the result of compromised identity, which is up from 38% the year before, and I think that's 31% or 30% the year before that. I want you to pay close attention to this bottom part of the graph as well, right? That's a really good indication to show just how effective these groups are finding it to conduct brute forcing attacks. And what this actually means to me is that we're seeing a sea change in intrusions, in cybercrime intrusions in particular. If you look at 8, 10, 15 years ago, when I started, most of the big gangs, the cybercrime gangs, were doing credit card theft, right? Game over Zeus, things from, you know, 10, 12 years ago. If you think about all of the support that those attackers had to do to carry out and successfully make money, right? If we talk about specifically the developers and the operators behind, like, Game over Zeus is a very good example. They had to create their own malware. They had to update it constantly. They had to partner with distribution efforts. They had to find customers and run customers. They actually were the ones who pioneered running customer support, 24-7 live help desk, for their criminal customers who were coming in and renting their malware. They then had to go and partner with other people around the world who were able to take what was, at the time, usually, like, banking logins or credit cards, right? They had to find a way to partner with folks who would be able to monetize those, sometimes in, like, the millions, right? We had to talk, you know, there were pioneers in cybercrime who were able to build, like, wholesale underground card shop organizations where they were selling, you know, batches of different credit cards, hundreds of thousands, 50,000, 10,000, whatever, and different, you know, all sliced up and diced up and resold in all these different ways. What we're seeing now is way, way easier for a cybercriminal to make a lot of money by doing the kinds of intrusions that we're seeing today. 50% of the time, almost 50% of the time, these intrusions are able to get in with stolen credentials. All they have to do is either steal a bunch of data or drop ransomware, get their victim to pay, send that payment through a bunch of mixers, cash it out, and they're done. One of the things that we talk about in cybersecurity and cyber threat intelligence particularly, which is my kind of sub-discipline, is that in order to stay secure, we have to impose cost on these attackers, right? You have to make it harder for them to do what it is they want to do. I don't think it's bold or kind of revolutionary to say that if you look at it in this context, we have not imposed cost on cybercriminals, particularly in the way that we do cybersecurity and cloud security and build these cloud and hybrid environments that we all use every single day. In fact, it is way easier today than it was 10, 15 years ago to make $100,000, $200,000, $500,000 as a cybercriminal actor than it was the year before. And this, again, is being driven by kind of a confluence of different things. You have these, you know, a lot of people are saying that there's kind of an info stealer epidemic, which is true, kind of. We are seeing more and more info stealers come online every single year, right? This is a good example of, like, you know, 25 new ones in 2022, 48 in 2023, 53 in 2024. Clearly, it is valuable and rewarding for these attackers to build new info stealers, sell them, and conduct this kind of business, right? They're making a lot of money by doing this. This is worth doing to them. But info stealers alone aren't what's driving that slide where we see 50%, you know, 50% of all ransomware intrusions being tied to compromised credentials. And you can see that by that second graph, right, where you see, or that second bar on the graph where it's this kind of increase in brute forcing. And they are definitely a reason why attackers are getting better and they're finding it easier to go out and do these intrusions, but they're not the only reason, right? There are all kinds of different ways that these attackers are finding, you know, a myriad of different avenues to find compromised credentials and get access. And one of the ways is they have to bypass MFA somehow. A ton of different ways to do that, right? One of the things that we see them do is they will actually register and add their own, like, virtualized machines to a given network that they have done intrusion on. So they will get access and then they'll add, like, some spun-up VM or, like, even a laptop or a phone that they will enroll in, like, a corporate device policy. That will give them access and allow them to maintain access. We've seen them do SIM swapping, which is, you know, very, very easy. It allows them to get access to, in many cases, they will conduct intrusions into telecoms. This is one of the things that on 3944, which is kind of loosely tied to Scattered Spider, if you've heard them. 3944 was very, very good at doing intrusions into and getting access into telecoms. That would enable them to do SIM swapping, which was how they made most of their money until they realized that they could just do ransomware themselves if they had access to this one thing that allowed them to be really valuable to ransomware intrusion actors. We've seen a lot of other different things that have cropped up. SMS intercept is one thing that's cropped up. Push notifications, like I said, is MFA bombing. All of these, and stealing session token theft is increasingly becoming a huge problem. A lot of these new infosealers that we see are designed specifically not just to steal logins, but to steal, like, session tokens. All of these different aspects of crime are allowing these attackers to continue to do their intrusions. One of the other things that they're doing very frequently is going after help desks as well, and this is just good old-fashioned social engineering. You can see, in many cases, a lot of these attackers gain initial access by compromising or specifically targeting and just calling up the help desk, and then social engineering their way into saying, oh, I lost my phone. Can you, you know, give me access, and I got, you know, whatever. I got in a car crash, or I lost all my luggage, or I fell in a lake, or whatever. They convince the help desk worker, then, to give them access to and add whatever device they're on to their corporate network, or, you know, reset their password, or send it to a new phone number, or intercept a phone number if they've combined this with SIM swapping. This really, just like all of the other things, is fundamentally about compromising identity, compromising the thing that organizations have put in place to ensure that the person who is touching the most important, most sensitive parts of your network is who they say they are, right? If that's a help desk failure, that's still compromising identity. If that's MFA bypass, that's still compromising identity. It all comes back to this kind of fundamental cornerstone of how these attackers are finding success. And this really isn't fundamentally about, you know, doing cybersecurity in a new way. It's really about understanding the way that we have built the corporate and the, you know, organizational networks that we have in place now necessitates that we allow our users to touch 5, 10, 20, 30, 100 different cloud-hosted environments in many, many different regions and behind different security. And really, the only good way to do that is by managing identity as closely as possible. It's very easy to allow folks to gain access to some new service that you've signed up to if you're the one saying, oh, just reuse your old password that you used for, you know, whatever you just logged into. It's an easy way to do it. I don't have a good solution for how to do it otherwise, but I am saying that this is the reality in which we're seeing most organizations do business today, right? So if you look at the zero-day users that we've seen, zero-days have been on the rise in the past couple of years. It's something that is very reliable, but it's very, very small slice of most of the attackers out there who are able to get access to zero-days. Because either you have to have that kind of capacity built into your organization, which, like, maybe three countries in the world can do, or you have to buy it from somebody. And if you buy it from somebody who has done that, like a ramp, you know, some kind of zero-day dev or vulnerability researcher out there, that's going to cost a lot of money, and you have to make those connections and facilitate that kind of intrusion. So zero-days are a big problem, don't get me wrong, but they're not how most of the intrusions that we're seeing are happening. Insider threat is also a huge deal. If you've been around this week, you may have heard some talk about IT workers. This is a big thing for people who are at risk of DPRK intrusions. But again, I would argue if somebody's pretending to be someone they're not, that's still an identity issue to me. So fundamentally what I think we're doing, especially if you take into account that most of these zero-day attacks that we're seeing are then being turned around and used to establish a foothold, and then we're seeing these attackers then steal, you know, compromised credentials or session data or something like that, then move around on network. There's really not a way to build a secure environment and protect the things that we're supposed to protect without focusing on identity. And I think this is another good example. If you look at how some of these intrusions, this is really kind of two different groups that are doing the same intrusion, right? So you have UNC-1553, which is doing this kind of fake update stuff, but then they are transferring, in many cases, UNC-1553 is what we call an initial access group. So their whole thing is they're the ones who go out and they get access to a given victim, right? They then make money by handing that access off to other groups. In this case, 2165, which then led to some ransomware, I believe. Yeah. This led to RansomHub, which was, I think, last year the most popular ransomware that we've seen. It kind of overtook and took the place of a lot of the other ransomware families that fell off after they got hit by law enforcement activity. I think Lockbit was the one that kind of dropped pretty significantly last year. But this is just an example of something that is very, very common, right? And the thing that allowed them to facilitate this intrusion was that when 1543 got access, they handed off logins to this other group, 2165. This is another example, right, of how everything that we're seeing in the cybersecurity space is really starting to fundamentally come back to securing identity. And it's becoming very, very difficult to see intrusions where this isn't the case. There are some very sophisticated actors out there who are getting access and moving around using kind of very, very sophisticated kind of living off the land techniques and moving around and, you know, cloud hosting Azure things and doing stuff that, like, only four people inside Microsoft have ever really understood. But for most of the intrusions, meaning most of the attacks that most of you folks are probably worried about, it really does come back to identity. And I do want to end my portion of today by talking about this particular chart. I've been working in cyber threat intelligence for 12 years. I'm often surprised by the ingenuity of attackers. There's a lot of very memorable moments. It is rare for me to see a graph that made me audibly gasp, but this was one of them, right? When I saw this and I understood what it means, that 50%, almost 50% of the ransomware intrusions that we responded to were the result of compromised identity. My jaw kind of dropped. And I'm still kind of awestruck, right? The data that we have suggests that this is really half of the ransomware intrusions from last year. And this might not be representative of all ransomware intrusions because that's obviously not a complete representative data set, right? But it is a big data set. And it's a staggering statistic. I think really what we're seeing is a realization that cyber criminals can abuse identity to accomplish whatever goal they have. And that fundamentally means, I think, doesn't really matter what you do to protect yourself. You can patch, like I said, twice a week. You can do everything else under the sun for cybersecurity. But if you haven't done the fundamentals, you're not going to be able to really say you're as secure as possible without securing how folks do identity in your organization. I think the more that we kind of bring this out and better we understand this, the more chance we're going to have to actually stop some of these attackers in their tracks. There's a lot of intrusions that are happening now that even though they happen in a zero day, which is almost impossible to defend against, right? If somebody's got a zero day and there's no one else who knows that that thing that's running on your network is vulnerable, you can't really defend against that. But if you're doing identity correctly, it's going to prevent some of these attackers from being able to take that zero day and turn it into the ability to easily move around on your network. Same thing goes for ransomware, right? If 50% of the time these attackers are doing ransomware intrusions based on a compromised identity and you're doing identity well, you've just cut down on 50% of the attackers who are trying to get into your network from a ransomware perspective. It's a pretty good return on investment. Fundamentally, what I really wanted to say today is that this is one of the things that's really starting to become more clear to us. I appreciate you all folks coming out, especially I know it's early. It's the last day. You've been here a long time. This is very important to me personally. It's something that we have been working on for a long time. It's really kind of a fundamental shift in perspective for us as CTI professionals to understand how important this is becoming. But I do think it's very important for us to have these discussions. You're supposed to do a feedback survey. I would appreciate it, but I don't want to give you homework. But I do want to say thank you very much. I really appreciate you folks coming out here. And I think we have about 10 minutes left for questions. So thank you very much. I appreciate it. And, yeah, happy to have a conversation. Thank you.