 Welcome to NEXT. This is the first session for a lot of you all. So first off, I want to say thank you for being here. My name is Bobby and I want to welcome you to NEXT. There are seats up front. I'm not going to bite. I'm not going to jump off the stage. I'm not going to crowd serve. So you can please come up front if you want to. But I'm actually going to be presenting with two other product managers who are going to talk about this particular topic, transforming cloud operations with generative AI. And so Ryan and I are going to kind of tell you a few things that we think are going to help you. And we're going to talk about I'm going to hit the journey. Ryan's going to talk about the Gen AI assistant. And Afreen is going to talk about evolving app centricity. Now, the AI journey is interesting because I feel like, and maybe you agree with me, anyone feel like AI is kind of becoming a junk drawer? You just rub a little bit of AI or sprinkle a little bit of AI on anything? Who's with me? Okay. So what we're going to do is I'm going to tell you a story because every good AI talk starts with a beautiful dumpster fire, right? So here's what happens. So I've got two teenagers. I'm going to walk around the stage a little bit. Hopefully that doesn't bother you all. But I've got a sophomore and a senior in high school. And because my seniors graduated, my wife has been planning these epic vacations. And I had this epic vacation that was my wife planning for two years to take 29 people on a Mediterranean cruise. Now, some of you already know that this is probably going to go south because it's a pretty big deal, right? And so what ended up happening was you see the timeline. We actually had a phenomenal trip. This is actually a picture of the Amalfi Coast, which was amazing. The trip was great. But the journey to get there, this is live photo of us in the airport. It was like really traumatic, right? So the timeline is we started out in Charlotte on Wednesday. The plan was to get to Barcelona on Thursday, hang out in Barcelona for a little bit. Beautiful city for those who've been there. Board a cruise ship on Sunday, do a seven-day cruise of 20, 29 other people, right? Friends and family, college friends and all that. And then spend my wife's birthday in Paris, okay? Barcelona boat birthday, you with me? Sunday is when we're supposed to board the boat. Why do we get to Barcelona on Sunday and they lost two of our bags? Let me rewind to Friday night just so you can kind of feel the pain of what we went through. And this is, you'll see kind of maybe some parallels with your life as well. So it's Friday, most of our families in Barcelona, like, it's amazing there. Like, where are you? We're still in Charlotte. We're still in Charlotte. So it's Friday night, we're still in Charlotte, and the pilot gets on the radio and says, you're probably wondering why we haven't taken off yet. I'm like, yeah, because we need to get to this boat on Sunday. He says, you all are on the plane, but there's no baggage on the plane. The baggage crew didn't show up today. I'm like, well, that's a problem because we need to get to our destination. And so we wait for the baggage crew to come to load up the plane, and that makes us get to New York late. How many have been to JFK before? Probably a lot of folks in the room, right? We land in Terminal 8, we've got to get to Terminal 1. My family's in pretty good shape, but we've got to hustle, right? So at this point, we've had literally 30 itinerary changes. Our check bag is in Miami. We have to get on a partner airline. We're now going Charlotte to New York to Casa Blanca to Barcelona. We get to the airline counter at 7.53 for an 8.50 flight, and the person says, Mr. Allen, I can't let you board. We closed boarding an hour ahead of time. And he says, you need to call the airline to rebook you. So I called the airline, and they say, Mr. Allen, we're so sorry. We can't get you there until Monday. You had one job, literally, right? You had one job to get me to this boat on Sunday. So at this point, my wife is frustrated. My teenage son is like, we should have just stayed home anyway, because that's how teenage boys are. And my teenage daughter is crying. And so this just feels like an absolute dumpster fire at this point. So I get on the phone with the airline who I won't name, and I said, can you do anything for me? They said, actually, Mr. Allen, we can't get you home, and we can't get you to Barcelona. You're stuck in JFK on a Friday night. And I said, this is really not helpful, right? This is supposed to be your job. I said, can you get me across the pond, right? Can you get me to Europe? Can you get me to London or Madrid or something? I'll work it out from there. And so something I said jogged the person's memory where they said, you know what? I think we can get you to, we'll do New York to Charlotte to Boston to Madrid to Barcelona. I'm like, that makes no sense. You messed up one connection. I'm going to trust you to do that, Manny. I said, can you get me there from Boston? So we rent a car at 11 o'clock at night and drive from New York to Boston. We get into Boston about 3.30 in the morning. We sleep a little bit. We board a plane at Logan Airport on Saturday afternoon. When does the boat leave? The boat leaves on Sunday, right? And we hear these ominous words. Because you're like boarding group 10, because you're the last ones to get on the plane, I didn't know that was a thing, but it is. They said, you're going to have to check your carry-on bags. And I heard someone sigh over there. You feel it. It's not going well, right? So you have not lived until you go, you run through Madrid, you get to Barcelona. My bag comes out. My daughter's bag comes out. No bag for my son. If I wasn't in technology, the way that I would explain a 7-1 incident is when your wife of 25 years has no bag before a 7-day cruise, right? We had a 7-1 incident, so we had no bag. So we get there and they say, you know what, Mr. Allen, this happens all the time. Don't worry. Well, that's the problem if this happens all the time. They said, well, bring your boat to the terminal. Don't worry, right? Sunday at 6 o'clock comes, there's no baggage that comes to the terminal. So we're on the 7-day cruise. My wife and my son have no clothes. The next day comes, they say, we're going to bring it to you in Mallorca, Spain, right? We're roughing the dollars from. No bags in Mallorca, Spain. The next stop on the boat is Marseille, France. We're going to bring you your baggage in France. I'm not making this up. There was a dock worker strike in France. The boat didn't even stop in France. After all of this, and again, you're laughing, but this is part of why I feel some of your pain. After we get through all of this, trip was amazing. Paris was amazing. Amalfi Coast was great. The airline says, Mr. Allen, for all of your trouble, for the $8,000 you spent in the 250,000 airline miles that were forfeit. We'd like to give you 5,000 airline miles for your trouble. And so what's interesting about this is, again, hopefully you all never are able to relate to this, right? You can look. Why would I tell this story? There are probably two questions you're thinking. But Bobby, did your wife get her back? We'll talk about that maybe another time. But the other question you're probably wondering is, Bobby, why in the world would you tell this story? Because a lot of what you all are going through in the enterprise is a lot like what I went through this summer. You have big, huge, audacious goals that some people would think are ridiculous. You're going to a place that takes a long time to get there. And some folks may be wondering, is it even worth it? Should we go back? Are we spending too much money? Some of us may feel like it's not even worth it anymore. And the reality is, unfortunately, like a lot of the airlines, people feel like, well, if you got there, it couldn't have been that bad. And so the collateral damage is something that we just accept. So I want to give you a couple of thoughts to reflect. If we look at cloud versus AI, cloud feels like the picture on the left. It's this beautiful destination, but we don't know if we're ever going to get there. AI feels like the picture on the right where it's a beautiful path to nowhere that may be paved with chatbots. And so if I was to give you kind of a comparison, AI is the cloud as Kobe Bryant is the Michael Jordan. One absolutely built on the other's success. I'm setting all this up because the reality is you all have a history that you can build on as we're in this AI frenzy right now, right? Because it feels like we're sprinkling AI on everything. We're not sure exactly where this is going. So I want to give you three Bobby-isms, and then I'll get out of your way as you have two other product managers that'll walk you through how we want to make this better. So, one, everything new isn't good and everything old isn't bad. How many people here have been through a migration before? Cloud migration, app rationalization, service-owner architecture? You have a lot of the foundations that we're building on, right? And so success now is about mastering what I call the remix, which new things are worth embracing and which old things are worth retaining, right? Because it's all not new stuff. Next thing, learn all you can but don't forget all you know. You have a history. You know your business. You know your data. You know your industry, your customers. All the AI stuff here is for a purpose. And then last Bobby-ism I want to give you, this is my executive summer for AI. You ready for this? Okay, one breast statement, super simple. Here it is. AI is not the thing. AI is the thing that makes the thing better. Does that make sense? If this were food, AI is not the dish. AI is the sauce or the spice that makes the dish better. What is the dish? The dish is typically an application or a platform that we're using to deliver value for our customers. Does that make sense? It's not the thing. And so why are we here today? For too long, people have justified traumatic journeys because the destination was cool. No more. We believe there is a better way. And so as I hand off to Ryan, I want you to listen in for the next few minutes as we talk to you about some of those tools and features that we think will make your journey be great and less traumatic than my trip this summer on the way to some of these new destinations we have in mind. Thanks, Bobby. Bobby is a pretty tough act to follow up here. But hopefully over the next couple of minutes, I'll give you all some food for thought about how we at Google Cloud hope to use AI to make your journey better. So when we talk about journeys or goals or dishes or whichever excellent metaphor Bobby can come up with, vacations, I want to be really concrete, right? Like our goal, all of our goal is to create enterprise-grade applications that are secure, efficient, resilient, right? And that deliver on our business promises to all of our customers. This game hasn't changed. AI or no AI, this is completely the same. Here at Google Cloud, we realize as our customers have grown, their cloud environments, like ours, have all gotten much more complex. This isn't necessarily a reflection of problems, per se. It's just a natural consequence of success. But this does mean that your organizations are now managing a vast array of applications and services, often spread across numerous projects with services around the globe. This growth presents new challenges in terms of governance, efficiency, and cost effectiveness. And Google Cloud hopes to provide a strong foundation for all of your organizations to succeed in the cloud. Our ability that we've already demonstrated to help you scale your applications reliably and efficiently on our resilient global infrastructure is unsurpassed. And we believe that Gen AI and application-centric management capabilities represent a similar but powerful set of new tools to help you build better with Google Cloud. So those are some of the things I'm going to be talking through here. You'll hear a lot this week about application-centric management tools that we're introducing. Things like App Hub, Application Design Center, Cloud Hub, Application Monitoring, and Cost Explorer. There are many sessions this week that we'll talk about these in depth. And in a little while, Afrina will talk about how we can use Gen AI with these new tools in order to build better. I'm going to talk specifically about some of Gemini Cloud Assist generative AI capabilities and where they fit into this picture. Remember, both application-centric management and our generative AI offerings are built on the same foundation of projects and resources, asset inventories, your artifacts, your logs, your metrics, so that no matter which tool you use, you have a comprehensive and consistent view of your environment. These are complementary capabilities, right? These aren't an either-or decision that you need to make. As a refresher, Gemini Cloud Assist is part of the Gemini for a Google Cloud product portfolio, which brings you generative AI assistance across your entire enterprise. And all of these products are built on Google's world-class infrastructure, incorporating our state-of-the-art Gemini models. They are enterprise-ready from the get-go. This includes data privacy controls. Your interactions are never used to train a foundation model. As well as copyright indemnification, data sovereignty, and responsible AI commitments. Within this portfolio, Gemini Cloud Assist helps improve cloud application management and operations by placing AI at the center of your Google Cloud experience. What does it mean to put AI at the center of this experience? We deliver generative AI capabilities that help you design, operate, and optimize your cloud environment. For example, you might ask Cloud Assist, how can I create an application for this AI workload in my test environment? I want to understand the root of an incident that I think just occurred. Or how can I reduce the cost of my application without impacting performance? Our vision is obviously not just to answer single simple questions, but to help accelerate your end-to-end journey across your entire application lifecycle and across all of our Google Cloud products. So Google Cloud Assist brings four important integrations or capabilities to bear. The first of those is natural language chat in the cloud console and in our mobile application. You'll also find what we call smart actions spread throughout the console. These are helpful actions that make it easier to use tools that we have already created and deployed. The new Cloud Assist investigations is a third capability that you'll hear a lot more about this week. Cloud Assist investigations can be started from the Gemini chat panel or directly from a log entry. And Afrina will tell us a little bit more about that and about how Cloud Assist integrates with our new application design center offering. So that you can use natural language to communicate your design intent. I'll show a couple of concrete examples, but first let's take just a minute to talk about how you start using this new experience. So this is a lot of texture. Don't worry, everything's in the documentation. I want to point out a couple of things that you'll need to do to get best use out of Gemini Cloud Assist. First, obviously enable the API. In addition, over this past year, we've grown our ability to access information from your cloud environments. We always respect your current project configuration and IAM permissions. So that means that in order to get the best help out of Cloud Assist, you may need to enable several additional APIs, like cloud monitoring, cloud asset inventory, maybe service health or the recommender API, and make sure your users have the right IAM permissions. Like I said, don't worry. All of this is explained in the documentation. Just a quick note. Just a quick note. Gemini Cloud Assist is available today as a preview product. Not everything that we're going to be showing you is broadly available yet, but Afrina will have a QR code at the end where you can sign up to see some of these features early. Additionally, all of the features of Gemini Cloud Assist during preview are available at no additional cost. Let's look at a couple of really concrete examples to make this real. So no one likes toggling back and forth between tabs full of document pages or stack overflow or other Google searches to figure out how to use Google Cloud products. Gemini Cloud Assist provides with easily accessible, comprehensive product knowledge from anywhere in the console by using the chat panel. It can describe and compare Google Cloud products, provide configuration and usage instructions, help you figure out which product you might want to use, and also communicate about Google Cloud best practices. Let's see a quick example here. So maybe I'm a new developer, and I've got some API keys and passwords that I really, really need to know what the best practices are for managing. So I'm just going to ask Gemini Cloud Assist, what product should I use for managing APIs, keys, and passwords? Google Cloud Assist will go and gather information from all of our documentation and give me a brief answer here. It says, I'll paraphrase, you should be using Secret Manager. That's good to know, but I wish I knew what Secret Manager was. So I'm going to ask Cloud Assist, please tell me some more about what this Secret Manager product is. And it gives me a fairly comprehensive overview. Here are the features of Secret Manager. And yeah, that looks like something I should be using. But I remember something about a product called Cloud KMS. How is that related? Maybe I'll ask Gemini Cloud Assist, like, how is Secret Manager different than Cloud KMS? And here it gives me a comparison between those two products. That's convenient. I never had to leave the console. So it does seem like Secret Manager is the right product that I should be using here. But I have no idea how to actually use it for my application. So I'm just going to ask Cloud Assist again, what steps should I take to secure my application using Secret Manager? Again, it's going to, Cloud Assist is going to go out and look at our documentation. And that's nice. It gives me a nice list of steps that I need to take in order to get started. In this case, it even generated some client code there for how to integrate this into my client, which is super useful as a way to quickly get started. Now, just a reminder, Gemini Cloud Assist is a preview product. Please always double-check the list of instructions that it gives you back and any code that it generates because it can still occasionally make mistakes. All right, so in order to be truly useful beyond just accessing knowledge, Cloud Assist needs to be able to give you answers based on your actual cloud environment. Rather than visiting a dozen console pages to try to figure out what's going on in your environment, you can now inspect these resources right from within the cloud console. You can find, count, and inspect resources. You can look at performance by viewing cloud metrics for those resources. You can retrieve cost, security, and performance recommendations if Active Assist has generated any of these for your specific resources. And you can even ask about service health, whether Google services are in working order right now. Now, remember, we always respect your API enablement and IAM permissions. So even if for some reason we can't access that data, we'll make our best effort to provide a helpful general answer like we just saw in the last example. So let's see this in action here. So maybe the first thing I want to do to get a sense of what's going on in my project is ask how many VMs do I have in this project and what locations are they in? Now, this is a simple example. In practice, you might just go to the VM instance page and look at the list and sort by region. But hopefully you'll see the motivation here. So Cloud Assist has gone out on my behalf. And because I have the Cloud Asset API enabled, it can tell me I've got about 29 VMs in this particular project and where they're located, what regions. So let's dive in a little bit deeper now. I want it to show me the CPU utilization for all of those VMs in US Central 1A, which there's about 16 of these. So as you can see, it actually provides me a little graph, a little interactive graph with those. Now, it's a little busy, right? But the good news is it actually provides me a link to Metrics Explorer right there. I can click on and I can go and really dive into the performance of these particular VMs. Now, there's some other questions I might ask. I might be curious if Google has any cost recommendations specifically for this set of VMs. Not in general, but specifically for these VMs. If I have the recommender API enabled, Cloud Assist can go retrieve those recommendations on my behalf without me having to leave wherever I am. Maybe I'm also concerned about how my application is running. Like, there seem to be some issues. It would be nice to know if Google has anything going on that might be causing this. So if I have the Service Health API enabled, instead of going to the Service Health page in the console, I can ask right here, are there any active health alerts for my VMs? Looks like it found something for Kubernetes Engine. Maybe not relevant in this particular case, but super good to have that context so that I can start my investigation more rapidly. Remember, I also said that in addition to the chat panel, you can find smart actions spread throughout the console to help you use our existing cloud tooling. You can use natural language to query your logs or to explain log entries. You can ask for help generating a proper correct G cloud command or Terraform. You can configure your org policies, and you can even ask Cloud Assist for help explaining a BigQuery or database query that you might have questions about. So I'm going to show a couple examples from these really briefly, and then I'll hand it over to Afrina. So let's say you're investigating some network behavior, and you visit our new Flow Analyzer product. There is a ton of data here in Flow Analyzer, right? It's all interactive, and you can look at the tables, but we can also now ask Flow Analyzer for help using natural language. Maybe all I want to see out of all this data is like, what are my top talkers on this network? But I want to group them by IP address. So I just said that in natural language. I asked for help, and now I can open that right in Flow Analyzer. It'll filter everything down and group it for me. It's not a super complex query, but it's nice just to be able to ask for what you want and not have to memorize whichever query language dialect you need for the particular tool at hand. Similarly, if you are looking at some behavior in your logs, you might go to the log explorer in our Cloud Operations product suite. And maybe you see an entry that looks somewhat alarming, right? Maybe concerning. There's an error here. I'm going to expand it, and I'm going to ask Gemini Cloud Assist to explain this log entry for me. I can't be an expert in everything at once. It's going to open our chat panel. You can see the question that Cloud Assist formulated for that, and it's going to make a best effort to explain what the heck that means. And it even includes the citations for where it got that information so you can explore more later if you want. And the final example I show is how we can use Gemini Cloud Assist in order to help us with G Cloud commands. So in this particular case, I know that I need some elevated permissions for accessing some information about my particular network here. I've asked here to get security administrator role on this particular subnet. Now, I only know enough G Cloud to know that there's a special G Cloud command to bind IAM permissions on subnets. And Cloud Assist has provided it here for me. That's super useful. Not only provides me the G Cloud command, but also the explanation. Now, this is a pretty elevated permission, security administrator, so I want to scope it as narrowly as I can. So I've asked it to make it explicit here to US Central 1. And Cloud Assist is going to go out and look at some examples of good G Cloud commands, and it provides me with an updated example here. With the actual G Cloud command up there at the top. I can copy this right down to my Cloud shell, double check it there to make sure that it looks right. Always double check before executing it. And I'll go ahead and execute that. But if a coworker comes by and says, what are you doing? And I explain I've just given myself security administrator privileges, they might be alarmed. So sometimes I might need to ask, never mind, I didn't really want to do that. How do I undo this? So Cloud Assist is context aware to know what command it just suggested you should take specifically. And it can come up with how you undo that command. In this case, it's going to tell me how I can, in fact, revoke that role in that particular scope. Super useful for us. So with these examples, you can see that without Cloud Assist, I'm required to understand how to be an expert in various SQL dialects to use these tools throughout the console. Understand how to write proper G Cloud commands. Understand how to write Terraform and everything in between. You may still need to have some basic familiarity with those. But Cloud Assist can help you battle that learning curve that much quicker, right? It shows you the commands, shows you the links to where to learn more. So that you not being an expert is no longer an impediment to actually getting stuff done in Google Cloud. This has been a bit of a whirlwind tour through the chat interface and through the rest of the console. But I want to make certain that Afreena has a chance to take you through some of the really exciting other ways that our Gen.AI features intersect with application-centric capabilities and how those help you build applications by using them better together. Afreena? Thank you, Ryan. All right. So, you've spoken about Cloud and AI. And Ryan did an amazing job explaining how we can no longer have the awful summer vacation that Bobby had on Google Cloud. I am a mom of a five-year-old and my vacation is just change of destination, meaning I go on vacation and end up doing the same things. But a little assistance does not hurt. And now I'm going to be talking about how we have to evolve our approach. Go beyond projects. Now, why do we need to evolve an approach? Because when we, for years together, like for us, the core unit of organization in Google Cloud has been projects. You do billing by projects, IAM by projects, set policies by projects. But we know that when you look at things, you don't look at it from a project point of view. You look at things from your application point of view. You want to understand what is the cost of my application? What is the health of my application? What is the health of my application? When you get alerts, you don't want to comb through a sea of alerts and figure out where exactly are things broken. You want to be able to identify where it's broken at a quick glance, right? Hence, we're evolving our approach and going beyond projects and introducing the concept of applications. For us, applications does two important things. Number one, it defines the perimeter. What's a perimeter? It allows us to understand how do you think about your business applications? What does your customer user journeys look like? What do you care about from your business health perspective, right? Number one. Number two, when we have Gemini Cloud Assist and Generative AI Assistant that's going to empower you within Google Cloud, we have to give AI context. Semantics. We need to help AI understand what is the scope that it needs to be looked at, right? Like, we know AI gets really, really creative and we don't want that, right? When you define a perimeter, when you define a scope, it makes it a lot more easier for Generative AI to be within the bubble, to be within the scope and do analysis, give hypothesis, do observations and help respond to your questions and be a lot more helpful. Right. So, managing cloud environments oftentimes looks chaotic, like all of these cooking competitions, right? You have your own chefs and they're building up recipes, using up different ingredients from Google Cloud. It could be a GCP service or it could be a network configuration and whatnot. So, while you have different teams innovating at different speed, all it does is, yeah, you would have innovation at scale, sorry, innovation at speed, but you would totally lack scale and consistency, right? Because all the chefs are innovating at such a speed that they are no longer following the hygiene standards or they no longer are efficiently using all the ingredients from your kitchen. So, how do we solve this? How do we ensure that all your chefs are following the right trigger, the right standards, the right practice, and how do you build consistency across the board? And that's the problem that we're trying to solve by introducing app-centric management. So, we're excited to announce a whole array of products in the app-centric management. This is not a one product, it is a concept that's moving into the platform. First, if you have an existing service or a workload, you start by registering that in App Hub. So, App Hub is going to give you the formal identity. It's the place where you define your applications and we learn how your applications look like. And then, we're introducing Application Design Center. Let's say if you don't have an existing app and you want to build something from ground up, you could go create an application infrastructure template in Application Design Center. So, that's the piece on the top. Once you have an application defined in App Hub, then it opens up the world to all of the other features that's available within Google Cloud. Now, you can see the cost per application. You could go into Cloud Hub. Cloud Hub is now going to be a command center. It's going to be a central spot to go see all your operational, key health, and cost-related data for your application or project. And if you want to understand your observability, if you want to get alerted by application, App Hub makes all of that easy because it propagates the definition to other systems that is working in Google Cloud. Now, a key pillar of this approach is the deep integration with Gemini Cloud. And we don't want you to just start using AI. We want you to use AI to build things better from ground up. So, let's talk about how Application Design Center is going to make that a lot more easier. So, here I am in Gemini Cloud Assist chat panel, and I am asking Gemini to help me create a home listing application. So, you see, it's given me a logical architecture and a diagram. And it's also explaining why it has picked and choose all of these GCP services. Now, I hit on Edit App Design. I'm able to see the logical architecture diagram. And if I want to reiterate the service more, I can go into the Gemini Chat Assist and prompt it. Here, I'm telling it, add a microservice and a PostgreSQL, and it's able to do that for me. Now, let's open this in Application Design Center. Application Design Center is a new tool, which is a low-code visual canvas. So, here you could manually add all the services, or you could go and, again, continue to use Gemini Cloud Assist to iterate it. You could also see the code in Terraform. You could download this code, use your third-party deployer, and deploy it the way you want. And if you'd like to codify, you could also set all your codes here. Like, here, we're setting up the code. So, use Postgres 15, have regional replication, and use Enterprise Plus. Once you have an application template, you can now pass over the application template to your application infrastructure team. And here's an example of a template that was passed over to Tweetie. And if they want to deploy this, they could go ahead and click the deploy button, set the container parameters, environment variable, and then go ahead and deploy it. Once you deploy an application from Application Design Center, it gets auto-registered in AppHub, which is the key to unlocking all the other experience in the cloud. All right. So, now we spoke about how we design application from ground up. Now, let's talk about cost. How do we understand how much does this application cost, right? One of the biggest challenges today, and the main problem, is chargeback mechanism. Do we know how to chargeback the teams the right way without having to comb through a ton of billing reports, metric data, and whatnot? First, Gemini Cloud Assist makes it a lot more easier. You no longer have to comb through all the billing reports. You could go into the chat panel and ask questions. How can I save cost? What are the recommendations to do so? How much did this particular project cost? So, it makes it intuitive to get answers to all the billing-related questions. In addition, we're launching two important features in CloudHub to help with cost optimization. One is the optimization board in CloudHub. Here, you're able to see the total cost. And most importantly, there are two important data here. One is the cost summary, and the other one is the utilization summary. The cost summary shows you a delta of your project, and the utilization tells you the opportunity for you to go optimize for your cost. While this stands at the first step for your analysis, the next one would be if you want to go deep dive and understand, do granular reporting, do chargeback mechanism, and understand the overall TCO of your cloud services, you would go into Cost Explorer that's built within Cloud Observability. Here, you're able to filter by application or by project, by resource type. So, you can slice and dice the data the way you want to get the most for your business application. Now, beyond cost and design, the most important element that Generative AI is transforming is observability and troubleshooting experience. And why do we need this to happen? One, of course, to have a faster mean time to repair. But how is the faster mean time to repair getting powered? It's getting powered through the context that's being provided to the AI using the application perimeter definition. Now, let's take a look at this example. Here, I am on Cloud Hub board, and I'm here on the health and troubleshooting dashboard. So, notice here, I've already filtered by application as symbol BNB. Instead of going through a sea of unrelated alerts, I can already see that two of my services, the UI servers and the front-end servers, have alerts. Now, it's a lot more easier to know where your alerts are getting fired from instead of unrelated alerts, right? And I also see that there are no incidents from Google Cloud sites, so that option gets ruled out. So, let's click on View Dashboard to take a deep look into what's happening with the front-end servers. Click. All right. So, this brings us to the application monitoring page. This is where all your observability data is grouped. Your logs, metrics, and traces are grouped by your application. Here, we show you the golden signals for your application. We show you all the alerts by application and allow you to deal around further. And here, if we scroll down, let's take a look at the error log here. Okay. So, now, we're going to click on Investigate, which is the Gemini investigation agent. Now, because we started with a log entry, Gemini pre-populated all the messages that is required to understand and analyze this error. Now, when you hit Create, it would go ahead and start analyzing and building hypotheses. But in the event Gemini fails, this is also an easier way to hand it off the ticket to support, and you no longer have to start from scratch giving all the data. So, here, it's analyzing. Let's see. It's come up with three relevant observations and hypotheses. And in the example that I have, this is an example where it shows the Cloud Run instances are not scaling well. So, and if we scroll up, it should, yeah. It would also tell you what are the implementations that you need to do to go ahead and fix this issue. And we also know that investigations is not a one-time thing. It's not like you open it, you get it done. It's always, it's going to be ongoing thing, and you're going to be brainstorming with your team. So, we have launched the ability to check investigation status on your Google Cloud mobile app as well. Now, all the features that I discussed, which was the cost explorer, the investigations, they're all part of private preview. And if you're excited about this, we invite you to join our Trust Your Tester program. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Okay. And all we did today was just to touch the surface. We also have several deep dive sessions the rest of the day. The next one right after this is on FinOps Hub, which would teach you how Gemini Cloud SS can help you manage FinOps. And then we also have at 1.30 on Application Design Center, which is also in preview. And another one at the same time on investigations. And tomorrow we have a session at 1.15 on, that is also in investigations. And we hope that you would stick around until Friday because we have several important sessions on Friday between 8.30 and 11. And our researchers are very, very curious to talk to you about your experiences. If you have any feedback, please feel free to talk to them and let them know. But that's all we had for today. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.