 I'm Michael Ames, Managing Director of HCLS Professional Services at SADA, a subsidiary of Insight. I'm responsible every day to make sure that our professional services teams are delivering outstanding work to our customers in the healthcare and life sciences industry. But today I'm here to talk to you about something a little bit different. Today I'm recapping our panel presentation from Google Cloud Next 2025 featuring Mangesh Patil from HCA Healthcare and Michael Radwin from Verily. We had an outstanding session with lots of people in the audience and lots of questions that came at the end. So it's a tough call for me to stand here and give you a quick summary of what happened, but I'm going to take you through it as best I can. First of all, let's talk about Mangesh Patil and the amazing work going on at HCA Healthcare. I'm so impressed with the way that they are taking a carefully planned and strategic approach to how they're delivering AI value across their organization, which is one of the largest healthcare delivery organizations in the world. A couple of insights from Mangesh that I think are useful to everybody in this industry. The first is just understanding the careful care which they have taken in structuring a program that isn't just taking AI capabilities and looking for use cases that might meet those needs, but is actually deliberately focusing on working with their internal users, their providers, their nurses, their administrative staff, and exploring ways that AI can be helpful in accelerating and improving their work, and then deliberately carrying out projects to test and to refine AI solutions with measurable outcomes where they can go back and point to improvements in the work that they're doing in that important organization. They're spending a lot of time on provider experiences. What do we do to make sure that doctors and nurses can go home on time at the end of the day, having had a better day and actually improving patient care by improving those experiences? And they are already having measurable outcomes, using generative AI for information summarization, using machine learning and predictive analytics for optimization of a variety of processes. And some of the other insights from Mangesh were incredibly useful, like understanding that AI projects are not like typical application development projects. These are projects that require much more planning and understanding and even budgeting up front for what's going to follow after the implementation is in place. Some applications back in the day when we were just building user interfaces and attaching them to databases, you could deploy them and you could walk away, trust that they're going to run, come back, fix a bug every once in a while. But AI models require care and attention. You need to think about that. You need to budget for that. You need to build a plan around it that looks a lot more like product management than project management. Outstanding insights from Mangesh, and we think you should go take a look at the great work at HCA Healthcare. The second was Michael Radwin from Verily, who just brought a ton of energy. Michael heads up their data science and AI work and highlighted a really interesting observation that they made regarding the way that people will interact with an AI chatbot versus an actual human healthcare provider. So Verily has their hands in a number of different projects, but particularly focusing on metabolic diseases like diabetes. And one particular project had to do with supplementing support for diabetic patients with what they're calling an AI coach. So the AI coach is something that a diabetic patient can access via an app on their cell phone. They can chat to it. They can explain what's happening. They can get input and advice, and it's all automated. And contrary to what we usually think about AI solutions, which is that they are a slightly substandard, maybe good enough, but hopefully faster way to replace what a human being might do, they've actually found a use case here where the AI agent could be better. Which is that it turns out that people interacting with their healthcare provider are sometimes a little nervous. They're sometimes a little bit concerned about the time that they're taking from that provider, or maybe they're a little bit embarrassed to really speak openly and freely about the problem that they're having, or maybe the fact that they weren't quite on plan with their doctor's prescription. Turns out they will spend more time talking to their AI coach via Verily's app than they will talking to a regular doctor in some cases. And what an amazing validation that is about how this technology isn't just about saving people time, but sometimes building better, more effective solutions. So it's exciting to see that the work that they're doing, it's exciting to see that in both of these cases, we're seeing AI deployed and used in ways that are having meaningful impact day by day on patient care and provider experiences, which is what we are here to do. It's been great to be able to share this recap with you. If you're interested in learning about the kind of services that SADA provides that can help you in implementing solutions like this, please feel free to reach out to me. Thank you.