 Good morning, Vegas! Hello, everyone! Everyone yell, good morning, please! Good morning! All right! Thank you for making it out so early. We'll try to put on a good show for you today. We've been looking forward to this, I think, since the month of November. We've been starting to talk about what to present and so on. And we're going to talk today about how to get the best out of Gemini and how getting the best out of Gemini is through great prompting. That's right, Serge. I really applaud you all for taking the time to invest in your learnings today, early this morning. But why are we here? Prompting is no longer a necessity or an optional skill. It is becoming one of the most important skills, especially in this age of AI where everything is at the click of a button. It is the key that unlocks the potential of intelligent tools, turning them from passive data in AI into real actionable insights. So, I hope you've all had your coffee. We even have a couple prizes for some of you that have showed up. So, let's get going. Oh, no clicker. There we go. All right. I'll introduce Pooja. Pooja is a customer engineer. She works with Google Workspace customers. She's extremely passionate about LLMs, has a YouTube channel about it. Please go check it out. And yeah, we're doing, this is kind of like part two to the presentation we did last year. Was anyone here last year? Oh, a couple. Thank you. Thank you. Please allow me to introduce Serge. Serge is a veteran with Google with 18 years of work experience just with Google. He works with Google's worldwide customers and brings the vital feedback to our product management team so we can deliver more delightful experiences to you all. Today, we're going into dive into the world of Gemini in Google Workspace. How can you get the most out of your prompts? And we'll take a look at a very exciting demo. But please keep your eyes and mind open because we have some exciting questions to test your knowledge and some giveaways as well. So, let's get into it, shall we? Okay. It's been a busy time since next last year. There's so much that's happened. I've never seen anything like it in my career. It's hard for me to keep up to date with everything and I'm sure it is for you as well. So, we'll take a look back at what has happened recently. Next slide, please. So, there was a big announcement in January. I'm a product manager and the idea of building workspace and then tacking on AI as an add-on to the side. It just didn't click with us at Google. We wanted to make sure that workspace is the AI product that you all want. So, we didn't want to build a base version and then have AI be tacked on. So, we decided to bring Gemini into workspace for everyone and that means also the Gemini app, the deep research, notebook LM, vids, gems, all this great stuff. And all this great stuff also is protected with all the governance, compliance, and certification that workspace has. So, you can use these tools safely within your workspace just as you use Gmail or Drive. And let's talk about the specifics. The impact of using AI within Google workspace. We ran hundreds and thousands of surveys last year because we know that you were all so engaged and right from our last session where we learned about prompting, you were so eager to put that into test. So, thank you all. So, we got really great feedback and we found that upon using Gemini, it saves an average user 105 minutes per week. That's approximately two hours of productivity recovered. If we prorate that to the whole year, that's about an employee's worth of time recovered back in the day. What will you do with that saved time? I think we would definitely go to a family vacation. Yes. This number gave me FOMO actually because I saw their survey of the 3,000 users and the way people are using this stuff is quite incredible. So, big updates since last year. Everything from the new model Gemini 2 and now Gemini 2.5. Imagen 3 that we've brought into workspace now so you don't have to go to another app to create the best images. VO2, which you saw probably during some of the talks here. And we're bringing VO2 into workspace as well. We're working on that as we speak. Coding in App Script. Data visualization in sheets, document generation in docs, and more and more and more. But all of these updates get supercharged when you know how to prompt them. Excellent. And talking about making AI as your collaborator, how do you collaborate with AI? Nobody really tells us that. So, at the heart of collaboration is the art of asking the right question, which brings us to prompt design in the era of Gemini 2.5. And really, the output depends upon a great input. Your prompts are the blueprints for innovation. The subtle yet powerful script or instruction that you give to a model can transform raw artificial intelligence into real insightful data insights. And you can partner with it and navigate the complexity of your system. A well-crafted prompt can make all the difference. And so, there are many modalities how you would want to interact with the model. So, when you write a question or a prompt, you might start with something like this. Summarize this document for me. And you might start with a side panel in Google Docs. Or you might start with a Gemini app. Or you might even start with deep research. There are many entry points into the process of getting a perfect output. But the science behind it remains similar. Write a well-crafted prompt. It could also mean writing a graphic or stunning visual for your website, for your blog. And if you are now creating more HD, high professional videos, that's also possible with VO2, which is our latest image video generation model. And that also requires a prompt. And so, when you're done with thinking about what you want and writing a great prompt, that goes into the model. And the model is our family of Gemini models. We have recently heard Gemini 2.5 Pro is our most advanced, most capable model to date for most complex research tasks. But we also have Imagine 3 for creating stunning images. We have VO2 for creating stunning high-definition videos. And the model processes your input. And it gives you a beautiful output. So, it starts with a text summarization. But it could also turn your unstructured data into a table. Remember, Serge, when we were brainstorming, we took a photo of the whiteboard. And we converted that into a beautiful table with marketing deliverables, just by converting our image into table. You know what I remember? I remember being on stage and that thing telling me I had bad handwriting. We also had that. But trust me, we've all been there. But luckily, Gemini understands us better than our coworkers and friends. So, let's take a look at what actually makes a great prompt. We have discussed a proper input makes a lot of difference in the output. So, let's revisit some concepts from last year. But for people who are here new, let's dive into the world of crafting a perfect prompt. So, it starts with something like a persona. The role you want your LLM to play. An example would be, I am a Symbol marketing manager. Symbol is a fictitious company that I'm working for today. Then you give it a task. What do you want the model to accomplish? That could mean draft a product launch plan for me. Next, you want to give it some context. Context is a setting which is unique to you. A draft plan for a marketing manager could look very different for a healthcare company versus a financial company. So, really set the context. And lastly, an example would be, for Hawaiian shirts, include key milestones, owners, sample messages, and channels. And one more optional component is a format. Highly recommended though. This would look something like, organize details with tables. If you are thinking, I have to write a research report, then maybe specify, make the report three pages long with bullet points, with spacing. Make it very academic or make it less academic. So, really the formatting plays a lot of difference. So, we have hit on a crucial point here. The difference between a mediocre output and an exceptional output is a quality of the prompt. And really, don't just ask questions. Guide it. It's almost as if we end the play at asking the question, but we're really not guiding the model in what we want because our situation is very unique to every single person. So, we have put together some recommendations for you to guide the model. So, an example of a strong prompt might look like, be specific. Use natural language. Interact with the model like how you would interact with a friend. Use full sentences. If you have thoughts and opinions, don't feel shy to put those in sentences. Make it conversational. Provide the context, the what, when, why, how. Those are important and it would really help a model guide the output towards your needs better. Make Gemini your prompt editor. For example, if you want to come up with a perfect prompt, you can actually ask Gemini by saying, please convert this into a power prompt and then write what you were going to write in the first place. So, it reads your prompt and it converts it into a power prompt. And then the output is what you can use to, again, put that back into the Gemini model. And lastly, ground your prompts in your data. So, use your docs. And with Gemini, we have made it so easy for you to now include your data from your Google Drive and really personalize our Gemini output with your data. But we also want to hear what we should not do. And these are the things. Don't be vague. Don't lack context. Don't assume AI is a mind reader. And please include constraints. Because if we don't include constraints, really, a model has endless possibilities. And so, I see most people using the models as a generic search engine. But really, if we guide it well, it can become a true AI collaborator. You should also always say please and thank you because you never know. Exactly. All right. So, a quick pop quiz for you. Based on what we just learned, what do you think is missing from this prompt? Write a cold outreach sales email to a clothing retail CEO. Persona is missing. Formatting is missing. Wow. Okay. So, yes. Let's see. Here, the task is write a cold outreach email. The context is clothing. And if we add persona, this is how the same prompt will look like. I'm a symbol clothing sales rep. Draft a cold outreach email to a clothing retail CEO. Include challenges in the recent months in Hawaiian shirt industry. And the format limit to 250 characters and use bullet points. You know, the crazy thing is that you can use Gemini to help you create a good prompt. So, sometimes if you're stuck, ask Gemini to help you refine and make your prompt better. That's exactly right. Moving on to an image prompt this time. Create an image of an Hawaiian shirt. What would you change about this prompt? You would add persona? Yes. Context. More specifics. Exactly. There's so many ways to make this prompt more exciting. And so, here the task is create an image. The context is Hawaiian shirts, although we can add more context. And so, this is another alternative take at the same prompt, adding the things that we just discussed. I'm a brand manager. And I need Gemini to generate an image of Hawaiian shirt in watercolor style. This shirt should have pattern of orange flowers, dark green leaves against a muted sky blue background. Flowers and leaves should have subtle texture details. Who said in the age of Gemini we would lose creativity? In fact, I'm getting even more creative with writing better prompts. One more task for you. So, moving on to the video prompt this time. Not yet. It's a chart prompt. So, how many of us work in data analysis in the Google Sheets? I know all of us. Let's be real. So, create a chart showing estimated revenue. Something is missing from here. Everything. Everything. Everything's missing. We assume that when we have data in Google Sheets, this is how most of us start here. And we say we're not getting the chart right. Because it is estimated revenue. What is estimated revenue? For what quarter? For what year are we talking about? So, when working with Gemini and Google Sheets, specify the time duration as well. And so, you can say, in terms of a format, create a bar chart showing revenue. For each month, in chronological order, you could also say quarter over quarter. You could say year over year. You could say month over month, from 2022 to 2025. Providing exact date and months will be so helpful for the model. In fact, this is a great example. You know, Google Sheets has had quite a limited amount of charts. Because we try, when we make Google Workspace, we don't overload the user interface with a bunch of buttons and menus and sub-menus. And when we bring Gemini now inside of Workspace for everyone, we can start adding functionality to Google Sheets without overwhelming the user. So, now, Gemini can choose, like, there's a large, large, large Python library of graphics and chart types. And so, Gemini can go and choose the best or work with you to choose the best without showing the user, hey, user, here's a thousand ways you can represent your data. And then the user feeling completely overwhelmed. So, this is a great example of the impact that bringing Gemini into Workspace for everyone is going to have and is having. Excellent. Thanks, Serge. Serge, who are really the users who can immediately start to see benefit from using Gemini? So, you know, when you sell enterprise software or you try to break into a new company to sell your software, usually the IT team tests it, right? And this is, for the first time, technology that isn't best tested by the IT team. This is best tested by people that work in HR, people that work in marketing, people that work as sales associates and need to create content for prospective leads. And so, I invite you, when you deploy AI into your organizations, I invite you to think of, again, the personas. Who creates a lot? Who needs to remove repetitive tasks from their daily life? Who has to answer a lot? Who has like heavy cognitive load over their work description? So, and it also is the great equalizer in terms of languages. English is my second language. Many people that I work with in Europe, English is their third language or their fourth language. And so, helping people to elevate their language skills to match the ones of others is quite a nice superpower. Excellent. All right. Last year, for those who were here, I shared my love with the women's shoes to all of you, which was quite funny. But, you know, we took a picture from a whiteboard. We started brainstorming around how we could create a marketing plan for women's shoes that we wanted to bring to the market. And we developed it with something with some visuals and a lot of content. But when you look back at this video from last year, you can see that's a great way of seeing how things have progressed. So, a lot of things have changed during the year. Yes. And since our business has expanded, Serge and I are moving towards our new passion in life. Serge, shall we? We're going to show what our new passion is. We're moving towards launching Hawaii Insurance. Okay. So, hang tight or hang loose, but here we go. So, we are hoping to create a launch plan, but hope is not a strategy. And unfortunately, passion is not enough. We need an actual bulletproof strategy to launch sales enablement material, content for our customers, and also training material for our sellers. So, let me tell you quickly about Symbol, my company. It is a popular clothing company geared towards millennials. We have a global footprint, we have economic prices, and we are launching a new line of Hawaiian shirts. Except we don't have assets or any go-to market. And today, I'm going to ask Serge to deliver on a Herculean task. The only challenge, he doesn't know where to begin from because he is a PM. I know nothing. And we need to research the Hawaiian market, create compelling and useful onboarding materials. And we've all been there. When our leadership asks us to produce something out of thin air, and we find ourselves overwhelmed, we don't know where to begin from or what to even look for. So, let's dive in. All right. We're going to the demo. This is a real demo. There's no, I don't have a helmet. There's no wires or net. So, let's see what we can create today. So, let's go to the demo screen, please. All right. This is my Symbol inbox. I got an email here from my very kind boss, Pooja. And it says that I need a report on sales and onboarding deliverables. And I need to update if we're on track for the sales training. All right. So, what do I do with this? Well, I'm cheating here a little bit. I've got some of the prompts loaded in the clipboard here. I'm going to write an email to my boss, Pooja. I'm going to explain and I'm explaining that I will prioritize her task of building sales and onboarding materials for Hawaiian shirts. I'm going to include all these details on a schedule of five trainings that I'll lead. And I'm giving it guardrails, right? I'm telling it it's going to be have to be between these dates. And Pooja is a tough boss. Make it concise and formal. Excellent. Since Serge gave all the necessary required elements in the prompt and also asked it to reply to an existing email, it gets a perfectly ready to send first draft. I also love the fact that he included date and month in the prompt. So, it gave you a list of training dates and training schedule without you having to go back and further iterate. I also love the fact that it gave a salutation to Pooja and the sender's details search, which is automatically getting populated from the logged in user within Gmail and from the prompt details. So, there's very little minimal editing to do here and it looks good to go. All right. We're going to now start this Herculean task. I'm going to go to the Gemini app. And this is what you have included in your workspace subscriptions. One little thing that a lot of people miss is that this is an important dropdown. It allows you to focus your task on varying outcomes. Flash for the everyday stuff. But the one that I really want to look at is deep research. And I just noticed that since we last practiced, they upgraded it to 2.5 Pro. Great. What could possibly go wrong? This is the world of... But Serge, I think we don't have to actually use that prompt because if you use that prompt, it's missing a few details. Can we try to write the basic prompt? Okay. Let's take a look at this prompt here. Tell me about... Tell me about Hawaiian shirts. And this is how most of us might start. But this is lacking way too many details. And just to make it a little bit more contextual, relevant to your details, we have an output ready to show you how it might look like. Yeah, because it takes a few minutes. But you see here, I type in the... Oops, this is the wrong video. I apologize. Here's the right video. And so I have the wrong video loaded up. I'm sorry. But you can see how it works through tons and tons and tons of material here. And it's going to... Instead of being just like a normal LLM where it just tries to like guess really quickly, deep research is kind of a feedback loop. It starts to read the internet and then it starts to identify key components and it feeds it back into itself and iterates and iterates and iterates. And this is sped up about seven times. So you can see how it's just working and working and and creating, putting all this into its super large context window. And all with the goal of creating a report at the end. And here I got my report. I'm going to get rid of this here. And I'm going to go to the output here. And since Serge is very busy, usually he may not have time to read the report. So he can also generate an audio overview so he can listen to it while he's on the go. So you see someone's sporting a Hawaiian shirt and you instantly think vacation ride. Totally. Like instant relaxation mode. But I bet most people have no idea. I'm not relaxed right now, but... Excellent Serge. I highly recommend when you come to work today, please listen to this on the go. So when we meet in person, you have all the information you need and about the market and history to get started. Exactly. And I can lift this into a Google doc and then I can start working with this. And, and there's a lot of great information, but also everything is, is, you see, I've got tables, I've got, I've got a lot of like different brands here and, and all the, the places, all the sources of the material that it used to ground itself through that deep research loop. And this is a great thing that you can then use to iterate, right? You can start using Gemini to do a lot of great things with it. Serge, this is a great output, but it would also be helpful if we gather some anecdotal feedback, not just from Gemini, but also from real people. Yeah. So I created a Google form here that I sent to a bunch of my closest friends and colleagues. And I said, Hey, I need your help. I need to know what you think makes a great Hawaiian shirt and not just what a Gemini deep research. I need to, you know, I want to get a feel for this market. And Serge, this form can also be generated by using prompting in your Google forms. Yeah. So this is the resulting sheet. So everyone filled in the form, um, and, uh, fill and, and got in answers. But here, like, this is a lot of information. How do I make sense of all of this? I think Serge, what you're looking for is some sentiment behind your data and you're in luck because Gemini and Google workspace and Google sheets, we just recently launched a brand new capability to do data analysis using your existing data by calling using something called as AI function. So you select any row type equals AI, give the prompt that you want to achieve. In this case, classify the sentiment of the responders opinion on Hawaiian shirts. And then you give an optional range. In this case, our data lives in column B2. So we're calling that B2, uh, reference in that cell. And with that Gemini creates a prompt, a response to the prompt, but grounded in your data, real time referencing real cells. So imagine one of my customers has 85,000 employees. They do a satisfaction survey every year in 15 languages. It takes them. It takes 20 people, three months to gather all this information and make sense of it. Imagine if I could use Gemini to translate the answers into the right languages, get the sentiment, get the takeaways just by doing this, just by doing equals AI. Another great example of why we had to bring Gemini inside of workspace because it's part of your flow now. Excellent. I think we should also want to write a feedback to our responders for spending their precious time to give us some feedback, but we don't want the feedback to look generic. Thank you for your time. We want that feedback to sound personal based on the feedback they gave us. So luckily AI function can help us again. Serge writes equals AI, write a small response to the responders in response to the response. And he references the cell again that had the response. And just like that, mahalo for your input on Hawaiian shirts. We love that. It's still keeping the Hawaiian vibe and culture and still gives us answers, which is very different for every single person. So yeah, and everything is based on what people have answered. And one last little thing, you see here how everyone gave us a list of events that they would wear a Hawaiian shirt to. And if I want to extract that easily again here, I'll use my magic little and I'll just say, make a bullet list of events named in the range. And then I'll generate. And now I've got a bullet list of what everyone named. Yeah, we can clap. Thank you. Thanks to Gemini. Now we have a list of events that we can wear Hawaiian shirts to in case they were not very fashion forward people who knew what you could do with Hawaiian shirts. Excellent, Serge. So with that, I think we have enough information. And I think I would like you to put together a one pager for the sales team because the research part is almost getting closer. So I'm deadly afraid of blank pages. I never know where to start. It gives me anxiety. Some people love it. I think they always say, oh, we can start from a blank page, especially in engineering. For me, that's such a big warning when an engineer comes and says, let's start from scratch. No, no, no. But here again, AI should just flow into your workflow. You shouldn't have to think about when you need to use it. So I'm going to create a document. And I'm going to say here, create a document with me. And here, I'm sorry, my little clipboard runs out of memory. So I'm going to go and copy paste it. And while Serge does that, he is going to write, create one page document for sales teams for the Hawaiian shirt. But Serge, don't just write that yet. I feel that is incomplete. It could still reference the research report that you created in the step one. So let's crash that and probably make that prompt a little bit more contextual, relevant and detailed. So this time... Yes, boss. Yes, boss. Give me a time. So this time, Serge gets it perfectly right. Create a one pager document for the sales team that summarizes the information. And here's the differential part when using Gemini across your product. It accesses your Google Drive, all while keeping it secure. Your data stays your data. Your prompts are never used to train the models. Neither is your data. So Serge references the output he created from the step one and inputs that within the same prompt. And Gemini is up to speed. What I love about creating a doc from this modality is it creates fully stylized, fully structured reports, replete with AI content, stunning visuals and structured content, all from one single prompt. What do you think? Should we give this a thumbs up? I think so, yeah. Come on. All right. I think, Sergei, the output looks great, but, you know, salespeople are more visual folks. So why don't we make it a little bit more exciting? And I'm thinking add more exciting visuals. And I'm wondering if we can do this without leaving this particular docs pane. So we're going to compare two prompts here. The first prompt will just be, oops, it was this document. And the first prompt will just be, again, an example of like create an image of an Hawaiian shirts in stores. And this uses image in three that you all have access through to. Image in three is pretty cool because it could even feed it images of stuff that you want in the image. And it'll generate. And you can also do that with Vue, too. And here we have some stores with Hawaiian shirts. Holy moly. That's a lot of. What do we all feel? Can we? Yeah. Do you like anything here or? I think there's room to make it a little bit more exciting. Okay. And I think based on our learnings from our first half of the session, we can definitely spice up our prompt. What do we say? So we're going to say create an image of a Hawaiian shirt collection against a backdrop of a fiery sunset. And we're going to include pineapples. We're going to include, I forget now, exotic birds. You're learning fast. Tropical flowers. And see how that. That's excellent. So Imagine 3 is our latest image generation model. It has been ranked the highest on a lot of benchmarks, such as the image quality and also the ability to understand prompts, highest by third party evaluators. And just like that, I love this output prompt, Serge. What do you like? I think we go for second one. What do you say? Second one. Yes, boss. Here we go. And we insert this straight in the document. This is so different from the first one. I really like it. Great. All right. So we have that. And I think it's time to move to creating a training video for our sales team. But since Serge and I are both busy, we may not have time to fully use a video editing software. And luckily for us, we have AI-powered video generation software called Google Vids. So here we're going to use our existing research that Serge did from Deep Research, use that same research to create a compelling video for our sales team people. And since the training video should be formatted and two to three minutes long, Google Vids is designed to keep those videos short and compelling. So we're going to skip the BAB prompt for it because I'm having trouble copy pasting this morning. It's too early for me. But we will discuss the great prompt with you. And again here, now I can use my market, my short market analysis. I can use my one pager. I can use all the information and start creating sales material, training material. And Vids, should we do it? Yes, let's do that. Yesterday we were debating, should we just show a video of it or should we do it live? But apparently we're doing it live. So that's excellent. So just with the audio, the content that we created, it gave us an outline of the sections. We could go ahead and edit it, delete the section. It's very dynamic, but I think this looks good. So why don't we go ahead, Serge? There are tons of designs for us to choose from. I like the second row, last one, your title goes here. Yes, let's choose that. And then, yeah, I think I really like the first one that's selected. So choosing different design styles that speak to you and let's create that draft video. And Vids is pretty incredible. You can collaborate on creating videos with your colleagues or with AI. You do it as part of Google Drive. So everything's in Google Drive. You can share it as a Google Drive project or Vids project. And it's also the only compliant online video editor. So not only is it collaborative, it's built on top of AI, but it's also compliant because all the processing happens in the countries that you've, in the regions that you've chosen. So it's really a native workspace product. And you saw how quick it generated a video. And Serge, I think this is a great time to add some commentary on the video as well. It would be dull to just see images and videos. So why don't we add a voiceover? And I love the fact that it gives me inbuilt AI voiceovers. So why don't we see what are the different types of tones that we have? I'm thinking more motivational or educator style. Okay. Love that there's narrator, educator. Why don't we select the explainer style? Explainer. Okay. Select. And for the interest of time, we have a pre-populated video that we can play for you in the second tab. Oh yeah. We did it here and we added a couple more. Oh, sorry. I need to play from the top right. Now let's explore some strategies for effectively selling Hawaiian shirts to customers who haven't worn them before. Learn about the captivating history of the Hawaiian shirt and effective strategies for selling it to customers who've never worn one before. I think so. That's a great start. And let's say I want to change something in the script. Instead of having to re-record myself, you can just go and change the script, regenerate, boom. And so you can, and even if you know, you say, oh no, but I really want to use my own voice. At least you can iterate and work with it, right? Improve it, improve it, improve it. So that it's when it's time to actually do it, you can record yourself and you're pretty safe around where the script is. And you can even have a teleprompter that pops up and helps you time how you read your lines as you're speaking and record yourself and put yourself in the little box in the corner. So it's a really powerful piece of software, this. This is a great output search. I am actually feeling so excited. I know my salespeople are going to ask a lot of questions and answers. And so what if I could put this video into a different way of making it more dynamic and asking questions with it? So Notebook LM, you've heard a lot about it. It's a great way of taking all the artifacts that we've gathered, put them together and start offering different ways of engaging with this material. Some people are more visual. Some people are more learned by hearing. Some people learn by asking questions. So I can go here and start asking questions about the material that I've just created and interact with it. And, Serge, on the left-hand side, I noticed that you have very conveniently grounded this in the data. That is the output you created. And also the Google Vids video that we created is also uploaded in the sources. And for those that don't know, if ever you have time, research the name Stephen Berlin Johnson. He is an author of several books, several TV programs, and he's a quirky guy because for the past 30 years, he's been cutting out articles, writing down his thoughts. He's been extremely diligent of just grabbing anything that's interesting. And he had thousands and thousands and thousands of pages of notes and articles that he cut and so on over 30 years, digitized them, came to Google and say, hey, what can I do with this? And that's how Notebook LM got started. And so you can do the same now by just throwing all of your material. You can have a Notebook LM for all your customer meetings. You can have a Notebook LM for anything you find interesting on the Internet. You can have a Notebook LM for interviews that you're doing and train yourself. And so here you see I'm able to query all the material that I've created, including the video. I can create a podcast with it. Oh, sorry, I'm going to show you the beta mode here. And so let's see. It takes a couple of seconds. But it just takes this material and makes it into something compelling and interesting sometimes. Serge, I think we also wanted to talk about the key highlights or the different themes that's popping up in your research. I'm curious if we have bigger highlights or keywords that people should care about. Maybe why don't we jump to that? Yeah, maybe last year it was my handwriting. This year it's the podcast feature. Let's go back to the studio and let's talk about a feature that launched when? Last week or two weeks ago? Some time ago. Yeah, so here's a mind map of all the information that Gemini has created. And it allows me to visually dig into different things. So if I want to go look at key competitors, it will allow me to visualize these key competitors and then go and dig deeper on them and just grab all the information that I have. So again, for people that are visual in learning, you see how your data, how your material has been split together. And then you can start interacting with it visually. Super, super helpful. Because if I'm going to give Puja all this information and just attaching all these things into an email and sending it over, it's not a great way of interacting with data. Inviting Puja to my notebook LM is a much more interesting, compelling offering. Okay. Excellent. That's a lot of outputs put together in a few minutes. So Serge is all set to put together an email and send it back to me, which I will approve because this looks great. So going back to our slides, let's quickly recap. People got it, I think. Yeah, I don't have to prompt again. I'm all lost in my copy paste. No, you're fine. It is great. Let's go back to the slides, please. So what we saw today was an example of using effective prompting using Google Workspace. We started with Gmail. We started by responding to an existing customer email or, in this case, from a boss. We also did deep research within Gemini. So collaborate, collaborate, collaborate. Talk to Gemini like your coworker. There are many entry points in a journey. Sometimes if you are thinking, should I start in Gemini or should I start in WIDs? What is the best way? There is no best way. There are many multiple entry points in the journey. Try to see which output sticks out more to you. And lastly, but not the least, iterate, iterate, iterate. Sometimes the best outputs come when you ask follow-up questions because that gives more context to your conversation history. And so what's next? Well, please visit the Workspace neighborhood to see all of this and try it live if you want. Use our self-paced learning path to become as good or probably better than what we are. And download the Prompting 101 guide. It was really popular last year. We've got thousands and thousands of downloads on it. It's a great way to spread this information to your organization and to your colleagues so that you all can get going. Thank you so much. I hope the demo gave you something tangible that you can take home with you today and start getting the outputs you desire right away. Thank you so much for coming. We have time for some questions. Two minutes. We have a question here in the middle. Or you can just yell it out. Oh, here. There you go. When I use the AI formula in Google Sheets and I have a Workspace account, but then I share that sheet with somebody who is not on Workspace, will that continue to work? Not right now. We're just rolling this out and figuring out how it all works and how it all comes together. So right now, you can share it with other people that have Workspace, but there's no connection like into Excel or something like that. Yeah. Please come to the stage. You get a prize. We have beautiful Google Hawaiian shirts from the day. Vintage. Thank you. Next question, please. Hi. That's excellent. Sorry. Hi. Do you hear me? So I've been trying to do a lot of this recently. And one of the things that I find a little bit disconnected is the forms. It's still kind of work towards that, like how we can integrate some of these documents and just say, like, create a form with these scenarios. Yep. I share your feedback. We're working on it. There's also a lot of things to bring into Google Sites. It's a never-ending turn of bringing in new features. Thanks for the feedback. I'll make sure I communicate it to the team. Thank you. Please come and get your shirt. And we've got time for one last shirt question. Who will be? There we go. Thank you. No, my question is also about forms. And it's usually when you see the capabilities of forms, you have different ways of asking questions, open questions, options. How do you work with Gemini or with AI to build this kind of capabilities and complex forms that you can build with the tool? You want to take that one? No, go ahead, please. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. I think Pooja said it best. It's iterate, iterate, iterate, iterate. Like, there is no right way. Even when we build the software, we use a ton of AI now when we build Google Workspace, when we test Google Workspace, when we iterate on Google Workspace. And there is no good way. And sometimes it becomes personal. Your way of interacting will work for you, but not for me. So it's the only way is to try, try, try again. There you go. Thank you, everyone, for coming. Thank you.