 We won't be running around on the stage too much. So, you know, if you still have a headache or something, that's all right. So, just wanted to introduce ourselves really quick. My name is Jace Nichols. I'm the Director for Intelligence Operations with Google Threat Intelligence Group. And I actually came to Google via the Mania acquisition a couple of years ago. And I'm going to be talking with Paul Smith today, who's the Director of Cybersecurity Engineering at Honeywell. And I will let Paul introduce himself and kick off his section. Perfect. Thank you so much. Thank you, Jace. Like Jace said, Director of Honeywell Cybersecurity for Engineering. I came through Honeywell on acquisition as well. So, roughly two years ago, I was CTO for Skate Defense, Israeli cyber passive monitoring company. I want to talk about protecting OT scale. So, I want to talk about the Honeywell Google Threat Intelligence journey. So, Honeywell's cybersecurity team has been around for 25 plus years now. It's comprised of roughly 500 people. So, that's where I fall into that group. Honeywell as a whole is about 110,000 person company spanning 130 plus countries, I believe it is. It's been around for 100 years. Three verticals that we focus on are aerospace, alternative energy and fuel, and automation. So, we have a lot, you know, of breadth out there in the industry. We have our own. We're an owner-operator. We have our own facilities, manufacturing, processing that we have to have purview on. We have to secure the boards. We have to make sure no one's coming in. No threats are imminent. It's going to take down any of our manufacturing or facilities. So, flash, fast forward to roughly 2024 is when we reached out to Google Threat Intel team and said, hey, you know, we have a number of product offerings out there in the market that we want to enrich with your intelligence into our products. So, now in 2025, we have customers utilizing our joint offerings out there in industry, and we're seeing great results. So, as I alluded to, we have a number of product offerings. Those product offerings are advanced monitoring and instant response. We have teams looking at all of our facilities across the globe on a daily basis. We have roughly 200 billion files and logs that are actually coming in. Sorry, 200 billion logs coming in from those facilities, so, you know, discrete manufacturing, refining processes, floating vessels offshore. Those are all being looked at by our team on a daily basis. Now, that is a subsect of the cyberspace because you have all the enterprise side, the IT information coming in. If it gets to our side, we're looking at just specifically the industrial side of that. Another product offering we have where we actually integrated Google Threat Intelligence first was our SMX product. Our SMX product stands for Secure Media Exchange. This is where we can allow third-party engineering firms, our employees, whoever happens to be, to come into our facilities, scan the removable media, and make sure there's no malicious files on it getting into the system. What we've seen is with ransomware as a service, there is some monetization incentive for customers and employees to behave poorly. So, there's a lot of insider threat we see inside of our environments. So, our SMX product line helps us mitigate that. So, every five minutes, we're updating with new signatures from Google Threat Intel to come down into the environment to make sure that we're staying ahead of the curve for threats and mitigating the ransomware that's starting to become prevalent that we're seeing. So, there are 63 million files last year that we scanned, and of those 63 million files, 4,600 of them were blocked and tagged as malicious. Those blocked and tagged malicious files, we then feed back into the Mandiant team, so Jace's team coming from Google Threat Intel, so that we can actually collaborate and understand how we can build better signatures, better threat detections, build better campaigns, so that we can enable our customers and, you know, increase their cyber posture. So, I want to talk about a case study. This case study, I'll let it play, and then we'll talk about it after. Was there audio back there? The company came aware of the unauthorized activity on its site last week, immediately took protective steps, including shutting down certain systems. The company provides service to more than 14 million people in 14 states. American Water says it has temporarily put a pause on billing customers as well, says people will not face late charges while its systems are down. Hey, thanks for watching. Don't miss the Today Show every weekday at 11 a.m. Eastern, 8 Pacific, on our streaming channel, Today All Day. To watch, head to today.com. Definitely don't miss it. Yeah, don't miss it. It's passed. So, that happened back in March, and the reason why we bring that up is we, as cyber defenders in the industrial space, have to be right 100% of the time. Threat actors only have to be right once. Fortunately, this real-life example, nothing got hit on the industrial floor. It stayed at the enterprise layer, and that's why it's so important for us to work with Google to understand what information is out there that we can put into our systems to mitigate this from propagating deeper and causing any kind of disruption to service. Now, there was disruption to service, but it was more on the sales cycle, so people didn't have to pay their bills right away. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but... But there was 14 million people impacted. The reason why we brought it up is actually relatively real and new, as opposed to a lot of other stuff that's discussed. 14 million people affected. 14 states and 18 military bases were all affected by this. All right. I'm going to pass over the torch to Jace. All right. All right. So... Thanks, Paul. Yeah. So I want to ask you to keep in mind this framework for this section of, you know, what we're going to be talking about here, right? Looking at the threat landscape. So Mandia's perspective on this is, you know, we investigate a lot of breaches every year, right? We've investigated a lot of breaches involving operational technology over the past couple of decades. And our perspective on this is that it's possible for you to detect threats early if you take the right approach and if you're not completely betting the farm on detecting threats at the operational technology layer, right? Like, if you're depending on catching a threat in your OT environment, then you've already lost the battle in a lot of ways. So don't put your eggs all in that basket, but really take a holistic look at your overall network and really think about what are the bottlenecks and think about realistic attack chains. What would that look like? And, you know, where within your network could you be able to detect that? So keep that kind of framework in mind as we go through this. So these are some of the real-world lessons that Mandiant has learned over the past, like I said, couple of decades from doing these investigations. One of them is what we call the funnel of opportunity. You can actually just Google Mandiant funnel of opportunity. Don't do it now. You can wait until after the talk. That's fine. But the funnel of opportunity is basically the concept that if you map kind of the layers of your network, right, kind of your Internet-facing devices, your user space, right, like down to your IT DMZ, then to your OT DMZ, and all the way down to the, you know, the plant floor, right? So if you think about, like, the Internet-facing stuff being on the top, the plant floor being at the bottom, right, attacker prevalence is going to be more prevalent at the parts of that network that are closer to the Internet, right? That makes sense. But if you then map that to what is the criticality of impact, right, so you look at the other side of that, and you can think about, okay, if an attacker gets to this stage of the network, what is the criticality of that impact, right? And, you know, if you get a compromise of an individual user workstation, maybe not that bad. You can re-image it. No big deal. If an attacker gets all the way down and they are executing commands on the actual machinery on your plant floor, that's a whole other problem, right? And so if you really think about mapping these things together, and what you see, you know, visually if you map these things together is that you kind of get this hourglass shape, and our perspective is that the best opportunity to actually detect malicious activity that has the potential to impact your operational security and operational technology devices is at the places where this funnel gets the thinnest, right, at the places where an attacker would need to jump from the IT network over to the OT network, right, that is the place that you're going to get the best ROI, right? So if you're thinking about where should we spend kind of our resources of, you know, detection engineering and threat hunting, right, it's kind of around that OT DMZ zone where attackers would be first kind of making the leap from that IT network into the OT side. The second piece that I wanted to emphasize is something that at Mandiant we call the theory of 99, right, and this comes from doing a bunch of these investigations and kind of looking at, okay, where are the threat actors, you know, actually, like, what's going on, right? And what we found is that if you look at the compromised systems, the malware, forensics, detection opportunities, and dwell time across all these, it's 99% IT, right, every single case. So you see 99% of the systems infected are IT systems, not OT systems. 99% of the malware involved is IT malware. It's not OT-specific malware. 99% of the forensics that we end up doing as part of the investigation is on the IT side. 99% of the detection opportunities that you have are going to be on the IT side. And 99% of the dwell time for the attackers is going to be in the IT side of the network before they actually make that jump. So it kind of gives you a framework to think about, okay, where are the detection opportunities and where can we find it? And can we look in the areas where the attacker is kind of getting channeled into those few places where they need to make that jump? And it's very important. Right now we're at two nines, if you know the term, two nines, so 99. As we progress and move forward, digital transformation, and of course we're at Google Next talking about innovation and digital transformation, the OT side of the house is also transforming and we're innovating, which means that we're starting to move towards three nines. So more of the maliciousness coming through is actually slipping through because we're modernizing our equipment. Right now we're in this limbo of we have antiquated equipment that, you know, most of the people who designed it are no longer in the workforce. And we kind of get away with that because nothing's slipping in. But more modern technology coming in, it's going to just get hit by these things coming through. And we're going to move into this three nines and hopefully never get to a four nines state. Yeah, exactly. So the third point here is that it always starts with IT. And I feel like I missed an opportunity to, like, make the first one capital. So it would be like IT always starts with IT. But seriously, in all of the cases that we investigate and in all of the cases that we know about that are public, right, it always starts with IT. Every OT compromise, all the cases that we've investigated where, you know, an attacker is able to actually get down into the operational technology, they affect something at the ICS layer, those attacks always started in the IT system, right? It's just every single time it happens. So just keep that in mind, right? Like, these are things to think about based on the kind of aggregated experience of us going out and investigating a lot of these. So I wanted to give a couple examples of different types of threat activity that we see and kind of just give you, like, here's some recent things over the past couple years. I think a lot of you are probably familiar with, you've at least heard the name, Volt Typhoon. It's what Mandiant calls UNC 3236. You can try to say that five times fast. But this is a group that we believe is attributable to Chinese sponsorship. And you can read, you know, if you just Google search for that, you'll find a lot of discussion about this. But one of the things that's really interesting about this group is their intense dedication to living off the land. So living off the land is this concept of instead of, you know, taking, you know, writing a malware tool and then getting that inside somebody's network, instead you gain initial access to that network and then you just use the tools that are already there, right? You use, you know, basic things like PowerShell in Windows systems, for example. And so this is something that we've seen Volt Typhoon do over and over again. You can read some of these government kind of perspectives of kind of aggregating what they've seen from compromises in critical infrastructure attributed to this group. But some of the key things that they do that are kind of consistent patterns that you can think about, right? They're exploiting vulnerabilities in Internet-facing devices. So think things like routers, firewalls, VPNs, right? And if you notice a trend there, like, a lot of those are actually security tools. So there's, like, this is definitely something to think about. And I think we're kind of in a transition point in a lot of ways in the overall security ecosystem. But this is a big point of exposure, right? Think about what in your network touches the Internet, is accessible from the Internet, and doesn't have security tools like, let's say, like EDR running on it, right? Like, you're probably not running EDR on your routers. You're probably not running EDR on your VPN. You're probably not running EDR on that. So all of those things create a window of opportunity for attackers to get in. And this is something that we've seen with this particular group. Another thing that's pretty notable with this group, and, in fact, with groups that are sponsored, or that we believe are sponsored by Chinese entities in general, is that they use a lot of zero days. So if you think about, like, for a long time, kind of their accepted wisdom in the security space was that attackers didn't want to burn all their zero days, right? Like, they wanted to conserve them and only use them for, like, really, you know, important intrusions. And what we're seeing with a lot of these groups now is that they don't care. Like, they're spenders, not savers. And that's something that is actually a pretty meaningful shift, and it really meaningfully changes the risk calculus when you're thinking about some of these systems, right? Like, if there's a zero day in your VPN, would you be able to detect an attacker getting onto that, right? Like, what does that look like? What is the logging? What is the ability to investigate that? Like, it's a huge point of weakness, and it's something that we see all the time when we're doing these investigations. The other thing that these groups do is then they compromise administrative credentials, so escalate privileges, you know, either with some additional vulnerability or whatever. Maybe they've compromised the account some other way. They'll go in, they'll pull the Active Directory database, usually, and then often crack it offline and then use all those credentials to then, you know, spread throughout the network. So that's kind of the modus operandi that we see all the time. And, you know, what's interesting about this group is heavily targeting critical infrastructure, heavily targeting organizations that kind of do something in the real world, right? Like, it's not just in the IT space, but there's actually a connection to the real world. And there's significant concern with this particular group around prepositioning, right? Like, based, like, how can you build and create leverage? And actually, there's a really interesting story that just came out in the last 24 hours. I don't know if any of you read it, but allegedly there was a meeting between U.S. and Chinese officials in late 2024 where it was basically said that, you know, this activity in the U.S. was kind of a response to U.S. support for Taiwan. So you can start to see how some of these geopolitical concerns can start to create real risks and concerns. Nine telcos hit, was it? Oh, so that was Salt Typhoon, right? Salt Typhoon, sorry. Totally different, yeah. So, well, same sponsor, but a different group. But, yeah, so, like, we see this kind of prepositioning. So something to consider. Like, what, you know, in your environment, like, what would this type of attack, what would these TTPs look like? Do you have the tools in place to detect that? The next group that I wanted to talk about, or it's actually not a group but a malware family, something that we call Bustle Worm. So we discovered this in early 2024 and then kind of tracing back some of the IOCs and other things. The first scene date for some of this stuff was around October 2023, so that kind of gives you a timeframe of when this was kind of being developed and tested. And what's interesting about this is that it's tailored directly to operate with industrial control systems. So it's basically a utility written in Golang, and it's built to allow whoever's operating it to send commands via the Modbus protocol, which is pretty interesting. It doesn't have malicious capabilities inherently built into it, but it allows an attacker to communicate. So it's kind of a useful go-between utility there. This would be like a reference to what living off the land in the industrial space looks like. Now, Golang is different because it has to be compiled and pulled into the system or into the device that it's actually trying to communicate with. So I don't know how much people know about my background, but I wrote a book for pen testing and industrial control systems. And this was one of the things, the moral dilemmas I struggled with was how much information, how much code do I put in there to help people learn to exploit control systems. With the inception of AI and the early days of some of the other engines out there, you could ask it to tailor or exploit, to leverage like Modbus, OPC, UA, different various protocols that live inside these environments and to do some really malicious stuff. This in itself, leveraging the Modbus protocol to push seemingly normal commands out there would go under the radar because living off the land, they're utilizing the protocol that's in your environment. It's going straight at the registers that are normally there for management and process of your control. And unless you have baseline that and you have a good profile of what normal operating looks like, this will go undetected until a big event happens. And when that big event happens, then you call in everyone to scramble and it's millions and millions of dollars of recovery. Not to be scary, but it is. Yeah, no, exactly. So a couple other things about this malware. So it's the same malware that Dragos calls Frosty Goop, if you've heard that name. And one thing that's really interesting about it is it was possibly used to disrupt building automation in Ukraine. There was an incident in January 2024 in Lviv where the power was shut off to a series of residential buildings for a couple of days. And reportedly, according to Ukrainian law enforcement, that was attributable to this specific type of malware. But regardless, everything that Paul just said about kind of the capabilities and utility of this, right? Like that's exactly the type of attack that this sort of utility would enable for an attacker who knew what they were doing and knew what commands to actually send to the building automation system. And we're really, with the innovation that's happening in our space right now, we're democratizing levels of effort to get in and write exploits. So it's, with innovation comes responsibility, I guess. I don't want to misquote anybody else, but we just have to be really careful what gets out there into the wild. And I'm always concerned about this. Yep. Yep. Definitely something that we're continuing to look for across the board. And there's not a lot of examples of this, right? Like the reason we're talking about this one is because there are, you know, I think in all of 2024, there were two different ICS-specific malware families that we found, right, globally. So there's not a lot of this going on. So when we do find one, it's really interesting. And that doesn't mean that attackers couldn't use, you know, kind of a more direct living out the land and send, you know, commands directly or do other things. But definitely notable, definitely useful to think about. Like, what would that look like? Like, what kind of logging is there on Modbus, you know, commands that are going, you know, in your OT environment? What does that even look like? How would you detect something that looks like, oh, this is a command that shouldn't be sent? And just the whole prompt side of it. Read this framework code and rewrite it in Ruby for me. Or rewrite it in a different language that's relevant for the environment I'm going into. Exactly. Very scary. This one is written in Golang, but you could write it in whatever you want. Python, Ruby. Rust, if you want. Hey. I like Rust. All right. So now I want to talk about something that Paul mentioned earlier, which is kind of the uptick that we're seeing in ransomware. And I think the key point here, and you alluded to this, is that when we talk about, like, the threats from criminal groups, like, criminal groups are not going out, like, hey, I want to cause a, you know, electricity outage, right? Like, for the most part. They're saying, hey, I want to go out and figure out how to extort any organization that I can that will then send me Bitcoin. That's what they're trying to do. So, and what we've really seen in the sort of initial access broker space is that, I mean, this area has just exploded over the last few years. And a lot of that is driven by the, it's directly linked and proportional to the ability of criminals to monetize the access that they get to an organization, right? So if you rewind in time back to, like, 2009, 2010 timeframe, and you go in, like, the kind of Russian language criminal, like, underground, and look at what people were advertising at the time, they were talking about, like, oh, you know, they would call it, like, loads or installs, or just basically just, like, accesses to compromised computers, and, you know, they'd sell, like, you know, 1K for, you know, 110 bucks or something like that. And, you know, it was all, like, segmented by countries, so you could buy 1,000 compromised computers from this country or this country or this country or this country for very reasonable prices. And what we've seen now is that, and a lot of that was driven by the difficulty in monetizing those, right? Like, it was, you could get that compromised computer, and then what, right? Like, it was difficult to turn that into something useful. Now, we see criminals selling individual accesses to organizations for multiple thousands of dollars, typically, right? Like, it's average prices in the, you know, low thousands. And, which is directly related to the ability of criminals, so then turn that into something useful. So what they do when they buy that access, right? They'll go into this access broker market, they'll buy, you know, you know, whatever for Acme Corp or whatever, and then the way a lot of these groups work is that they're effectively, like, pen tests or, like, red teams, right? Like, it's very professionalized, and they have a whole team of people, and what they do is they get this initial access, right? Just like you would if you were doing a pen test, and then they move laterally, right? Like, they figure out how to spread that or take that initial access, get domain, and then, you know, launch their attack, encrypt the network, whatever. So, like, all of this is built to facilitate this type of compromise at scale. We see kind of these economic drivers that are really contributing to this type of thing just becoming bigger and bigger, and that means that you have to assume that accounts within your organization are going to be compromised by, you know, the tools that these groups are using, which are heavily, like, info stealers, so malware that they get onto an end-user device and then steal, you know, session tokens, other things, right? Credentials, and then kind of more advanced phishing, which does the same thing, right? There's phishing kits that now enable you to defeat multi-factor authentication, especially where it's basic, right? So, if you see people saying, like, don't use SMS for multi-factor authentication, this is why. Direct result of these ransomware crews getting better and better at compromising that stuff and using it. But that's kind of, like, our framework for thinking about cybercriminal threats. Like, it's opportunistic, but it's just so pervasive that if you're not prepared for what that would look like, then you're kind of setting yourself up to be, unfortunately, collateral damage in these types of attacks. Yeah, I want to say, in 2022, I put on a talk about cryptojacking, and what I found was there was no monetary gain by bringing down the corporation to do a blackout. What it was is to actually slip in CryptoMiner, like, actual code, to siphon off CPU cycles so that they can actually make money behind your back because you're slipping out the traffic through 443 that no one's really looking at because everyone allows, usually, HTTPS traffic out of your network. So they can go undetected, just siphoning your power, causing you to pay more money for your buildings. And it was super prevalent in 2022. Yeah, no, that's exactly right. I mean, that's a huge thing that, you know, if you, especially if you're running a cloud, kind of a cloud infrastructure, right, like, you'll see a lot of that. All right, so a couple things that, we wanted to make sure that we had plenty of time for questions and discussion. Hopefully, you guys have been thinking of questions. But a couple of just, like, key things to think about, right? Like, given that framework of kind of the funnel of opportunity that we talked about earlier, kind of given the overall framework for how to think about this, these are a couple of the key trends that I would say definitely keep in mind. So number one, this living off the land type activity, right? Like, what would it look like for someone to come into your network with legitimate, compromised credentials, execute commands as that user, right? Like, what does that look like? What does the logging look like? Are you able to detect the types of, you know, PowerShell doing queries against the, against your Windows event logs? Like, what would that look like? Like, what would suspicious queries against your Windows event logs like actually look like in your environment? Like, what's your baseline? How do you think about that? But we're definitely seeing a heavy trend of attackers moving away from malware and toward native tools that are already in the environment. And you can see, like, the same thing is happening in, like, the pen testing and red teaming world, right? Like, I mean, red teams don't usually, like, sometimes you use custom implants, but more often you just, like, go with what's there. And, like, we're seeing attackers do the exact same thing. So definitely something to keep in mind. Opportunistic ransomware, like we just talked about, right? Like, that initial access broker ecosystem is really driving a lot of this. And, you know, just continue to keep an eye on, like, the ransomware amounts and the amounts of money that attackers are making from these types of attacks because that tells you that there are literally entire criminal companies that have office space. They have people, like, people come into the office every day, you know, badge in, badge out. Turn to office. But, like, people are coming into work and they are sitting down and they're taking these initial accesses and then they're moving laterally into organizations. Like, every single day they're doing it and they're really good at it. I was going to say, if anyone has problems with onboarding new employees, you can always reach out and get it done faster. I'm just joking. Yeah. I mean, it is funny. I don't know if any of you read, you know, like, things like the Conti leaks a couple years ago. But, like, some of the stuff is really fascinating and illuminating to look at, okay, like, yeah, like, here is their, like, here's their manuals for, like, how they onboard employees. Like, here's how they train people. Like, it's, like, they're running it like a real business and that's a direct reflection of the amount of money that they're making from this type of activity. So, expect that to continue. The final thing that I would say is, you know, as you're thinking about, okay, what does effective defense look like? What is an effective way to get a good return of investment on the defensive effort that you're putting in place? Right? One thing that I would say, and I think from, you know, our perspective, you know, doing investigations and kind of tracking this stuff as a mandate, is that you should really be thinking about, like, who are the most prolific threat sponsors of this type of activity and what are the TTPs that those groups favor and are you well positioned to defend against those things? So, you know, the two examples that I gave earlier, right, like, activity tied to sponsorship by what we believe is China and Russia at Mandiant. So, we think those pose the most significant risk and so, if you're thinking about, okay, what types of activity is most likely to pose a direct risk risk to our operational technology environments, I would say, really think about the types of activity that are being sponsored by China and Russia. Look at what those groups are doing. Look at their TTPs and whether or not that group is actively, currently targeting operational technology. Obviously, if they are, then that's higher priority, right? But think about the shared tradecraft that's going to exist across attackers in, kind of, within that sponsor set and then say, okay, well, let's look at what groups that have been attributed to Chinese sponsorship. What does that look like? What are the TTPs that they're using? Are we able to detect those things? Is that something, what would that look like? And if you are able to do, kind of, proactive red teaming and pen testing, whether you're doing it yourself or you're outsourcing it to somebody else, definitely think about, like, what do those scenarios look like and actively test your environment, you know? Because people talk about, like, air gaps and all this stuff and, like, we found that often it's kind of more of a myth. Like, it doesn't actually, like, call it an air gap, but it's actually not really. So, for some of these things, like, it's an ounce of actually proactively testing for a known attack pattern is worth many, many examples of just, like, kind of staring at a network diagram, like, actually test it in reality. Yeah, one of the values we glean from the partnership is enabling our analysts to look at where facilities exist and where they're geolocated, what vertical they're in, what equipment's on site, what firmware is there, and what threat actors are actually actively going after those sectors. And then we can make short lists of, you know, hit lists of equipment that we need to make sure they're up to snuff so that we don't get hit in the crossfire. Yeah. Yep, that looks good. Well, again, Sound pollutant this conference game was a very successful type of person. Watch it. You know, you can run one up to five left and we can run the slash or you can run the magazine or we should not set it.