 . Hello, everyone. I am Deepti Mandava, a Product Manager for BigQuery Governance and Security. I'm here to do a quick recap of our session from Next, where we announced exciting new capabilities in focusing on securing and democratizing data, crucial for scaling AI initiatives. The core theme being unified governance built directly into the BigQuery platform, which will help simplify finding, understanding, securing, and using your data and AI assets. So let's take a quick look at BigQuery Security. BigQuery Security provides multilayered protection, with each layer forming a line of defense for protecting against data attacks and exfiltration of sensitive data. We have VPCSC network perimeter controls, encryption at rest and in transit, inbuilt governance via universal catalog, fine-grained field-level access controls, data obfuscation with data masking, and overall monitoring in place. We are now enhancing our BigQuery's multilayered security with three key announcements. The row-level security, sub-query support, ability to create data policies directly on columns, and unified security management experience. Our first one is our sub-query support. You can now create more advanced, row-level security policies using lookup conditions, inline functions, and complex queries. This simplifies architectures by reducing the need for multiple authorized views. This capability is already in GA. Our next one is data policies directly on columns. A major simplification. You will now be able to create and access and data masking policies directly on columns, across tables and data sets, without needing policy tag taxonomies. This promotes scalability using single policies. You can sign up with our interest list to join the preview for this feature. So reach out to your account teams. Coming soon is also our centralized governance and security management console within BigQuery itself. This will be our central management pane to allow you to create, manage, and monitor your entire security landscape for BigQuery in one place, improving visibility and productivity. It will also integrate with Google's Security Command Center for security posture monitoring. You can now create complex security frameworks and monitor against those frameworks without integration with Security Command Center. So now moving on to sharing. BigQuery offers a robust set of features designed to create a collaborative data sharing ecosystem. Our primary goals are to maximize the reuse of data assets already built by the teams and to significantly reduce the time it takes to gain insights. We are happy to announce the experimental preview of data products. This new concept allows data producers to package collections of BigQuery tables and views tailored for specific use cases, essentially managing data as a product. It helps democratize context, establish ownership, set consumer expectations, and build trust, exhilarating time to insight for consumers. And now you can use data products to monetize easily. You can publish these new data products as listings. Producers can set pricing, be it fixed subscription or private offers, and marketplace will handle the transaction management and reporting, simplifying cross-organizational data commerce. Our next one is query templates, which is a new artifact in data clean rooms. Producers can now build, publish, and share predefined, even parameterized queries as assets within the data clean rooms. So you can control if the SQL is visible. This simplifies analysis for subscribers, no complex privacy SQL needed, and mitigates data exfiltration risks by limiting executable queries. Our last one, but not the least, is insights from Google Maps Places, which is also going to be available via data clean rooms. You can now subscribe to Google Maps rich places data sets with about 300 types, 45 attributes, which are refreshed monthly, directly within BigQuery using data clean rooms. This allows you to securely join Google's location data with your own first party data for powerful geospatial analysis, like site selection or market understanding, without exposing raw PII. So these launches that we have shared so far demonstrate BigQuery's commitment for integrated and intelligent governance and security. Customers like Levi and LiveRamp are already leveraging these capabilities to build secure internal data marketplaces. Our goal is to make high-quality, secure data readily available, removing bottlenecks and enabling faster innovation, particularly for AI. We have seen significant customer momentum with over 95% of the top Google Cloud data analytics customers actively using the governance capabilities, with over 3,500 listings, with more than 500 petabytes of data shared per month. If you're interested in testing any of our experimental launches or private previews, please do reach out to your account teams. We are very excited to get your feedback. Thank you very much.