 Hello. I'm David. I'm from the Google Vids team. Thank you for waking up so early and coming to this. A few people still trickling in. Cool. We're going to have myself and my colleague Katie speak, and Alistair from Mercer, who's been a very successful customer of Google Vids, is going to dialogue with us as well. We will talk a little bit about the product. We'll show you some demos. We'll discuss a very successful case study, and then we'll take Q&A from all of you guys. So a little bit about the background. So can we start with a show of hands? How many of you guys have watched a video today? Most people by 10 a.m., if that's pretty good. Yeah, we do think humans have been having conversations face-to-face for many millions of years, and it's a very natural way to communicate and interact. Text and writing and reading is very new. We've only been doing it for a few thousand years. It's much less natural for many of us. But the history of technology is that the devices were not that good for a long time, and the connections were not that good for a long time. So we kind of were stuck with text for a long time, and we got used to text. But a more real human face-to-face kind of interaction is what comes much more naturally to us. This is one thing, a crazy stat we've seen. So the humans have very short attention spans increasingly. It's a very noisy world. You're being bombarded with communication of all kinds for your personal life and for your professional life. And it's hard to keep up. It's hard to pay attention. And that's why we think video makes a big difference for capturing people's attention spans. When people use video at work, we're seeing it be very successful for whatever they're trying to achieve. So, like, when you send an email that has a video, people are much more likely to open it, much more likely to consume it. When CEOs communicate through video, employees like that, and they pay more attention. I'm sure you've all received long emails from leadership that were less interesting to consume than a good video. And, yeah, as I touched on before, when people see a face, it's this deep, primal thing where we connect with that person in a way that we don't with a bunch of text. It's beginning to happen more and more in the workplace, but still not that much. So, the workplace is behind consumer. On consumer, you've all watched videos this morning, even though it's 10 a.m. I'm guessing you haven't necessarily watched a work video. We could do a show of hands for that as well. Show of hands, have you watched a video for work today? A few hands. How many of you watched a video for work this week? Okay, a few more hands. Still less than the TikTok numbers I was seeing before. So, for whatever it is you're trying to do at work, whether it's selling or conveying some message, or if you're a leader and you're trying to get your team behind you, the video is more effective. It's not happening that much yet. On the consumption side, we see that in a two-week period, 90% of people at work will consume some video. So, consumption is beginning to get there. But where we're still very behind is on creation. So, on creation, like, show of hands, how many of you have created a video for work this week? A few hands. How many of you have created a video for work this month? Okay, a few more hands. Still nothing compared to the TikTok numbers. Okay. So, most of us are, like, pretty intimidated by making videos. Like, maybe we've tried iMovie or CapCut at some point, but they're pretty intense. There's a lot going on there. It's hard to learn. Editing is very finicky. How many people have edited a video this week? Okay, like four hands. Cool. Collaboration is pretty hard. There might be, like, some team off on the side that does marketing videos or some team off on the side doing maybe training materials. But the rest of us don't really know how to engage with it and see what they're up to and provide our feedback. And often, in the enterprise context and in the SMB context, it's these new tools you have to buy and pay for just for video, even if most people aren't using them that frequently. So, that's where Google Vids comes in. So, we think, in light of everything that's happening with generative AI, we think we can actually fix all this. We think that generative AI is the way to make video creation accessible to ordinary people like the people in this room. So, specifically, we think generative AI is great for creation. We'll show this in the demos. You can write a prompt, and it'll give you some initial video that you can work with. We announced this week that we're adding VO2 in vids. That's coming out next month. And much more of that is coming in vids. Many new, easy ways for ordinary people to create videos for work. The editing, as we touched on, is difficult. And increasingly, we think AI can actually help with that as well. And it's all part of workspace, so all of the same security standards that you're familiar with for Google Docs or Drive or anything else applied to Google Vids as well. There are lots of cool use cases we're seeing with the early customers of vids. So, it could be Alistair is going to have some really great stories on how they've done training, where you have new employees coming on every month, and you want them to ramp up quickly on how to use the product, how to do their jobs, or use whatever tools they need to use at your company. Marketers definitely are making tons of videos for lots of marketing channels. Within advertising, video has really exploded. Leaders increasingly, I think that so far we see this varies a bit between different companies, but at Google we'll have executives send out a weekly update or a quarterly update on what are we doing. Was there a question? No. Okay. Okay, so now I'm going to hand over to my colleague, Katie, who's going to show a demo. Thank you. Hi, everyone. I'm Katie Kellogg. I'm one of the product managers on the Vids team, and today I'm going to take you through a demo of Google Vids. I will be playing Margo, so if you approach me after, Margo or Katie is going to be fine. So, let's jump in. Have you ever spent hours perfecting a presentation or a document that struggled to connect with your audience and break through the noise? What if you could do a video instead? Like David was saying, Google Vids is our new AI-powered video creation app available directly in Google Workspace. It's designed to help you tell engaging stories at work easily. So, today I'm going to take you through a demo. Our storyline is the collaboration between Margo, or me, our marketing manager, and Xavier, our head of merchandising at a company called Symbol Threads that does online retail. So, first we'll see how easy it is to move from an idea to a storyboard and Google Vids. The team is about to publish our latest market research report, and as we prepare for this new campaign that's going to target Gen Z. So, opening Vids, Margo can get started in a few different ways. She can use some of our pre-designed templates, or she can pop into our recording studio, or she can use Gemini and Vids to generate a video storyboard in just a few minutes. We're tight on time today, so we're going to use Gemini. All she needs to do is type in her prompt, and then she can actually add a Google Doc to give a little bit more context, and then she'll tap Create. Based on her prompt, Gemini is going to suggest an outline for the video. The great thing about this is it can be fully customized, so if she wants to make an adjustment, she can do that easily. So, we're just going to add a new scene, and then she'll hit Next, and she can select the style that she wants her video to be in. And just like that, Vids will create a draft storyboard that includes suggested scenes, that include placeholder videos, images, text, background music, and even suggested scripts. So, now Margot has her first draft, but like most companies, she wants to personalize the colors and fonts to match her brand. So, the great thing about Vids is all our templates are customizable, so she can do that in just a few clicks. She's going to navigate to the Customize Styles icon, and then she's going to add her symbol brand colors with a hex code, and then she can also add fonts with our simple drop-down menu. And then once she applies them, they will be updated throughout the video very seamlessly. Cool. So, now that Margot has done that, she wants to add some more creative flair by changing the content that's featured in the vid. She can easily do that with our stock and web content library. It includes a range of videos, images, background music, and more. Or, if she has branded content, she can use our direct integration with Google Drive and Google Photos to pull that in seamlessly. But, this time, because we're doing a research report, Margot wants a little bit more of a specific visual. She wants it to include her target market, and she wants it to show them in New York City. And so, as we announced earlier, with Gemini and Vids, she can add high-quality, photorealistic video clips by using a prompt. And so, it just personalizes her story a little bit more and brings it to life in a new, compelling way. Okay. So, we've seen how to create a vid, how to customize a vid. Let's talk about creating a voiceover. So, plan Margot's message. She needs a voiceover, but like most of us, she doesn't like the sound of her own voice. Not a problem in vids. So, she can use Gemini to access her pre-generated script. She thinks that's good, so she'll move forward. And then, all she needs to do is click the generate voiceover option at the bottom of the screen. And there, she can access a variety of professional preset voiceovers that have different tones and pitches that will really complement her script. She'll just pick her favorite and then hit insert, and then it will automatically appear in the scene. So, we've seen how to create a storyboard. We've seen how to give it a voice. Now, let's bring in our colleagues to personalize it a little bit more. So, one of the great things about Google Vids is it's built directly into Google Workspace. So, Margot and her coworkers can work together seamlessly just like they would in any other Google Workspace app. She's easily able to add a comment like you normally would in any other app, tag her coworker Xavier to add his insights, and then hits comments to alert him in his email. So, invids can help you land your message in a number of different ways. And so, Xavier actually wants to record himself. He likes the sound of his own voice. So, when he's ready to record, he accesses the comment, and there he can see a suggested script that was already created for him. It's a great start, but he wants to personalize it a little bit more, so he adds a little bit more detail. And then when he's ready to record, he'll hit the video placeholder option, and it opens our recording studio. We have several different ways to record in the recording studio, but since Xavier wants to record himself, it will count him in. Three, two, one. And then he can use the teleprompter that appears right below the camera to record his pitch with confidence. Once he's done, all he needs to do is insert it directly into the timeline. See? Super easy. So, now that Xavier has his pitch ready to go, the market overview video is ready to share with the team. And so, that is also super easy with vids. They can just share it directly in their team space, and the team is obviously so excited to see what they have created together. All they have to do is hit play from there. And with that, you can see how easy it is for vids to help you break through the noise and tell engaging stories at work, going from an idea to a complete video, all in less time than you thought. Vids is generally available in core workspace plans now. And with that, I will hand it back to David to talk us through an exciting customer story. Thank you. Thank you. And I want to bring up Alistair, who's the CIO of Mercer, and we're going to talk through their experience with vids. All right. I'm on. Everyone can hear me? Perfect. Do I have to sit down? I'm not... I said, perfect. Thanks. I'll sit down for the start of it anyway. Then I'll get up and walk around. Hey. How are you doing? Welcome. Right on. How are you feeling this morning? How's everybody out here feeling? Who went to the show last night? Hands up. Perfect. So I'll try and keep it upbeat then, because I'm sure some of you have got bleary eyes this morning. Okay. Go ahead. So tell us about what you do at Mercer. Yeah. So I'm the chief information officer at Mercer International. Mercer International is a biomanufacturing company. It's a nice way of saying we produce dimensional lumber, we're a pulping operation, and we're a construction company. I'm responsible for technology globally and have been, I would say, the evangelist for generative AI adoption in the organization. Cool. Actually, how many people in the room know what pulping means? Do you want to tell us? It's right above us there. There's a picture of a very attractive pulp mill on the banks of the Columbia River in southern British Columbia. Yeah. So Mercer, we're headquartered in Western Canada. We're actually a U.S. company, but headquartered in Western Canada with operations in Canada, the United States, and in Central Europe. We have about 4,000. It says 3,500 employees, I think, on the sign somewhere. Next. Yeah, next sign. There we go. Sorry. No, I haven't finished. About 4,500 employees globally working in a number of different manufacturing environments. So I talked about pulp. I talked about dimensional lumber, and I talked about mass timber manufacturing. We've been a longstanding Google Workspace customer, seven years now. I think we've been working with Google. And we've been seen within our industry as an early adopter within the artificial intelligence adoption space. Now, being an early adopter in pulp and paper, saw milling, mass timber, probably isn't the same as being an early adopter in many other industries. It might look a lot different. But within our industry, we're seen as sort of pushing the edge in terms of AI utilization, in particular generative AI utilization in the organization. I'll talk about, unless you want to interject here. Go ahead. Go ahead. Yeah. So if you think about the types of facilities we operate in, I don't know if anybody here has ever been in a pulp mill, ever been in a sawmill, or ever been in an oil and gas plant or a refinery. The thing goes up. They can be terrifying places. You walk into these places, they're hot. There's steam everywhere, chemicals everywhere. They smell really interesting. If you've never been in there, you're very worried about what you're breathing. And so they are high-risk environments. And each of these environments have 400 or 500 people working at them in an average day. But during major maintenance projects, we can have up to 2,500 to 3,000 people on site any given time. So they can become incredibly busy places filled with people that are very unfamiliar within the environment that they're working in. At Mercer, we have some key values as an organization. But the principal value we have is around the health and safety welfare of our employees, full-time, part-time, visitors, contractors. We want to send people who come to our operations home in the same or better condition than they arrived in our operations. The other thing that we're very focused on is entrepreneurialism in our organization. So we want to give everybody at Mercer the opportunity to create, be entrepreneurial, be inventive. The concept of boldness goes from the top of the organization all the way down to the factory floor. Great. Okay. So that's maybe a good segue. So how have you been using vids and how's the rollout been going? Well, as I said, pulp mills can be an overwhelming experience for people that haven't been there before. And creating training content, especially occupational health and safety awareness content for people that come to site, can be a challenge to make it relevant to the local operation, given many of us run many facilities across the globe. Making it relevant to the local operation is paramount. What you see from a safety training perspective is what you should see when you walk into the mill. No point in taking a picture of a tiny little forklift in a warehouse. You walk into a pulp warehouse and there's a forklift the size of a dump truck there. It's a very different experience. So you want to create an experience for your audience that's relevant to the situation that you're going to put that audience in. So for us, it's critical that we create a sense of familiarity with the environment that we're putting our employees in, our visitors in, contractors in, and so on. Similarly, we often use all sorts of ways to capture this information. We have drone flights that we do flyovers of our mill. We've used production houses previously to capture content around our mill. We take advantage of any kind of data capture. This is probably the handiest tool you have in your kit when it comes to capturing safety information at your operation. So we're looking at ways that we can engage viewers with first-person insights into our organization and take advantage of our own people with the technology that they have at hand to create that content. In the past, we've produced this by bringing production houses in. You're setting up filming. They take the content away. They do the editing. They do the post-production, pre-production. It comes back. People do voiceovers. It goes back. The iterative exercise to create high-quality content can take weeks, months. What we've found is we've been able to accelerate that process significantly and remove much of that process from external providers and bring it back into our organization by taking advantage of Google Vids. Great. So, yeah, the Vids is saving lives at your company, it sounds like. Yeah, it is. At the end of the day, that's the whole point here, is we're trying to... We have a program at our operation called Road to Zero. The intent of Road to Zero is that we have no injuries, no incidents at our operations. That's our objective. And so this is part of our drive towards that objective in our organization. Great. So, yeah, everyone in this room, you could be saving lives at your company as well. Train people how to interact safely with the design teams or whatnot. Okay, moving on. How did you roll it out initially? And it sounds like people are most focused on training now, but are you beginning to explore other departments? Yeah, so when we looked at generative AI adoption, we just didn't push it across the table at people and say, go at it. When we went through our proof of value exercise, we looked at our organization and said, where is the potential for benefit in our organization to take advantage of generative AI? We picked select groups of people within those functional areas of the business, provided them training. I wouldn't say excessive amounts of training, but training so that they could use those technologies quickly, rapidly, ideate with them to find ways that really were impactful in their functional areas inside the organization. We then explored opportunities to apply those emerging AI capabilities to processes in areas such as IT, finance, HR procurement, and occupational health and safety. This engagement also allowed us to investigate the potential for utilizing AI enhanced content development, in particular in Google Vids. So use cases for us. I don't know if you want to ask that leading question, but I'm going to answer it right now. So in the occupational health and safety group, we had a site safety captain. Everybody's familiar with the concept of a safety captain or a safety lead. They were looking at ways to improve the quality of the training material going out to our internal employees, going out to our visitors, and so on. This person was really the person that said, I have this problem. How can I solve it? What's available to me? Hey, I've got Google Vids. How can I use it? So it was really through their own entrepreneurial effort, their own inquisitiveness, that we gained some traction in using Google Vids to support our occupational health and safety program. Actually, the person that's responsible for it is sitting right over there, so you can put his hand up. Mark Smith is our site safety captain. He will tell you that he is not a technologist. He is not an IT guy. He was just somebody looking to solve a problem for the organization. And generative AI inside of Google Vids allowed him to solve that problem. Great. Very cool. I think we have a sizzle reel that we can play. I think we can get there. Yeah. There we go. We are. Yok mim Jet Binieron IoT You You You You You You Very cool. Cool. And what's been the most surprising thing you've learned as you've rolled it out to more and more teams? I think the most surprising thing is how accessible it is. To non-technical users. This has allowed non-technical teams to adopt videography in ways that they never believed they could. They've been able to take... The reason I asked the question earlier, who went to the show last night, can you imagine that show last night with four guys standing on the stage with no light show, no pyrotechnics, nothing, all the lights around were off, it was just four guys sitting on stage? The visual impact of that show, the level of enjoyment, the level of engagement of that show would have been completely different for the entire audience. But those guys coming out in a bright red suit with light shining everywhere drew everybody's attention to that stage. So what this is allowing our teams to do across all different lines of business is to really create impactful, effective, relevant, and wow factor communications to the organisation that were never within their reach previously, mostly because of cost, mostly because of content. And we've dealt with that cost and content problem with Google Vids. Great. What else do you think this group should know about Vids and how it can help them? Well, I think it just spoke for itself, quite frankly. But imagine what your teams could do in terms of communicating with your organisation. Now, I'm really focused, wanted to focus on occupational health and safety here. And we've, our teams, from an OH&S perspective, have made great progress. We also have our Serious Incident and Fatality Prevention Program, now looking at ways that they can communicate their activities, their objectives, and more importantly, convey ways to reduce the high potential for those types of events happening in our organisation. And so if you think about your workforce and how your workforce could benefit from improved safety culture or improved communication of your safety culture to them, I think that's a really critical takeaway from today. But then extrapolate that across all other lines of business and how that might impact the way you talk to your organisation. I think that's important. Great, important message. Thank you so much. Thank you to Alistair and the Mercer team for joining us today. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.