 Welcome, and thank you for tuning in. I am Jason Tuniga with Manient Threat Intelligence Services. In security, a threat profile is your guide to understand your unique threat landscape and prioritize your defenses to protect what matters most. It allows you to move from reactive security, by which you are only putting out fires, to instead a more forward-leading approach and anticipating and preparing for the threat ahead of when they attempt to impact your business. In this presentation, we'll highlight for you the value of the threat profile and to kickstart you into a more well-informed view of the threat landscape. The threat profile is key to reducing risk in a cybersecurity program, but often underutilized. It combines the cyber threat landscape and organizational profile. For the threat landscape, focus on identifying threat actors, their motivations, and common tactics targeting your industry and region to prioritize defenses. When looking at the organizational profile, understand your organization's vulnerabilities, technology stack, third-party risk, and patching capabilities. For risk and impact analysis, determine the potential damages from attacks, including business disruption, reputational harm, and recovery costs. These conversations with stakeholders will help prioritize defenses. Thus, a threat profile is an important tool that drives risk-based decisions and can better protect the business. A threat profile also provides a common framework across the organization for understanding threats. Security professionals often have individual perspectives, which can lead to inconsistencies and gaps in defenses. Thus, a threat profile helps align everyone on the most important threats, driving more effective threat intelligence to be communicated across a wider audience. You can't defend against everything, so prioritization is crucial. By aligning everyone on the most important threats, the process of intelligence collection, analysis, and production is much tighter and laser-focused. A threat profile can be broken down into three key steps. First, assemble your team of stakeholders, subject matter experts, and practitioners to understand the audience, scope, and goals of the threat profile. Remember, a threat profile is useless if it can't be actioned by its consumers. Next, define your organization and scope by identifying the core business operation, the business verticals, geographic footprint, and critical assets. Not forgetting about third parties and subsidiaries. And finally, identify the data sources and the frequency for which the threat profile will be published. The threat profile should consist of sources that collect against both external threat landscape, as well as any internal telemetry and other aids that gives you a clear picture of how actors may target your organization. And when it comes to frequency of updating your threat profile, most organizations update it no more than quarterly and no less than annually. Let your own resources, bandwidth, and data availability help dictate the right frequency for your organization. Once your threat profile is developed, you'll want to ensure it drives impact across the business. Different stakeholders will use a threat profile in different ways. Executives need insights into relevant trends and the value of security investments. Governance functions will want to understand your prioritization methodology. And security teams need details on adversary operations to inform their threat-informed defense. And the CTI team gains a transparent methodology and its business alignment. Treat your threat profile as a continuous project, actively soliciting feedback from consumers to improve its effectiveness. Building a threat profile can appear daunting at first, but break it down into smaller steps. Start with routine reporting, leverage your colleagues' insights, and consider outsourcing if needed. In conclusion, a threat profile synthesizes the threat landscape, organizational vulnerabilities, and risk and impact analysis. It empowers teams to focus on the most critical threats and drive risk-based decisions to protect business priorities. Thank you for listening. I hope this empowers you to drive a more intelligence-led security posture across your organization.