 Hello, everybody. So this is the last session. We finish with something, with a word that you haven't heard in the past few days, agent, right? So I'm Vlad. I lead product for Vertex AI Search and Agent Space. Today on stage, Kalyan, Pamarti from my team will join me. And also, Brendan Steven from Avery Denison and Matt Jensen and Matt Poremba from Gordon Food Service will join me on stage. The talk will be about Agent Space. I hope you heard about it. If not, we are going to explain what it is. It is the new product we just launched recently and that really kind of aims to bring AI deep into your companies. And after Kalyan and I introduce you to Agent Space, we'll have our friends from Avery Denison and Gordon Food Service tell their story about how they are using agents in AI search. So let me start with kind of explaining super briefly what is Agent Space, why we build it, and why we are so excited about it. So since 2023, when everybody kind of saw the potential of Gen AI and it really captured the imaginations of all of us, I think literally every CEO in every company had like a mandate to his execs to find a way to bring Gen AI into the companies, right? Just find a way. And basically, you know, since then, everybody is trying to do that. And this has been really our focus. Like how do we enable, you know, companies to really bring the Power Gen AI in an effective way inside companies to really increase the productivity, you know, and the creativity of the employees. Actually, I would say even more to actually improve the productivity and the success of the overall company. So, however, in order to get there, there are some, you know, significant challenges that we had to solve. So one is that usually data in kind of the companies, most companies are not in one place. They are kind of distributed across several systems. They don't talk to each other. Then companies are also, you know, CEOs are concerned with data security and privacy. And that's justifiably so because some of the most popular AI tools out there actually have been built without this in mind, right? So that's another big problem. And then also there is agent proliferation. So everybody's building agents in every company. So there is really like a lack of a way to coordinate that and do it in some really organized and structured way. And this is exactly why, you know, we built Agent Space with the intention for it to be, you know, really the destination for search assistance and agents in the enterprise. With enterprise, you know, great security, privacy, and compliance. So basically to fulfill the promise of Gen AI that you have seen before, that everybody imagined, in a way to solve the challenges that we've seen before. So let me kind of explain super briefly in one diagram kind of what Agent Space is in kind of the very high-level architecture. So as we said before, so when we do our work, we mostly work across several applications, right? And this is really one of the main problems to bring Gen AI inside companies. So our work is not in a single application. Like we jump from one application to the other in order to do the tasks, you know, during our job. So we might start to run an application, let's say, in an email, and then kind of go to another application, copy some data from there, go to a third application, do something with the data, and then go to a fourth one, you know, maybe do some action, and then go back to the first one where we kind of can finish, you know, the tasks that we started. So there is really a lack of a single place that can access all of the data across the various applications. And this is what makes, you know, bringing Gen AI in an effective way really, really difficult, right? So now imagine if we actually had like a product that enables you to connect all of these applications, you know, in one layer and do it in a way to preserve access control, right? So I still have access only to the data that I had access before. Imagine that this product, Mysterious product, also comes with, you know, the best-in-class enterprise search across all of this data. It comes with best-in-class Gen AI models in the most modern agentic platform to build agents that leverage all the data and all the AI. And comes also with an optimized user interface, really optimized from the ground up for this type of work, right? And then imagine even further that this Mysterious product comes with, you know, like the kind of best-in-class security and privacy and compliance. So anybody has an idea what that product might be? You got it. That's exactly what Agent Space is. So Agent Space is, you know, basically has all of these components and enables you to do three things more, but essentially three main things. One is it is one single pane of glass to allow you to search for data across all of these applications that you see at the bottom in one single place, right? This is something we've had in Google for many years. We find it extremely useful, and it's something that we are bringing to everybody out there. In addition to just finding the data, another thing that Agent Space does, it allows you to apply, you know, the best of Gen AI on top of the data. It really applies the best of, you know, Gemini models, thinking models, and other type of kind of best-in-class models on top of your data, right? So you can not only get the data, you get answers, you get summaries, and you can generate derivative data from the data that you found initially. And then the third thing that it does really, it, you know, allows as well to build, deploy, use, and manage agents across the enterprise, agents that are powerful agents that can implement workflows across all of these applications that you see at the bottom. And now I hand over to Kalian to tell us about more detail about how we have done this. All right. Thanks, Vlad. So when Vlad said, do you know what product this is, thank you to whoever said it was Agent Space. I was a little worried you'd say something else, so thank you. I'm Kalian Pammarty. I'm the product lead on Agent Space. I'm sure you're seeing a lot of slides. We'll show you more slides and what Agent Space is. But we decided, you know, there's a party after this. Thank you for coming. Let's do maybe a quick video. Hopefully, you know, we'll all get prepped for the concept that's coming after. Can we get the volume up, please, the audio? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. So hopefully that was... Thank you. So that was a nutshell of what we're trying to do with Agent Space, right? So we're trying to bring together a lot of different enterprise functionality focused on search and Gen AI to your end users without you all having to build internal applications. So I'll just go through some use cases that we see customers deploy agent space for. So the first one, this is a traditional use case of search across the enterprise, right? Again, this is a lot of people, right? Again, this is not the first time Google's been working on enterprise search, but, you know, it is still not a solved problem, and it's not easy to do, especially if you're a large organization with many, many different data sources, right? So agent space is an out of the box enterprise search. We connect to all the different connectors that, you know, Vlad mentioned at the bottom of that layer cake diagram. We are ingesting the data. We can also call directly the data sources, but the core of it is a knowledge graph that we're building, right? So how do people relate to other people in the organization? How do topics relate to other topics? And that helps us with the relevance and quality of search and assistant responses. All this is backed by multimodal Gemini models, right? And so all the answers are coming from Gemini, and so we can understand not only text but also audio, video, et cetera. Lots of customers using this today. You can imagine common things that employees search for, you know, search for projects, search for operational questions, like, you know, maybe getting a new laptop, searching for people, and a whole variety of use cases around HR, IT, ops, et cetera. How does this actually look in the app, right? And so through the course of this, I'll show you a lot of pretty UI, but just want to reinforce, agent space is a cloud product. It comes with a full set of featured APIs. And so if you want to integrate it into your own application, you can do that with the cloud APIs as well. And so in this example, we're showing, you know, kind of a prompt that I gave it, right? So I said, summarize the most recent financial reports of this fictional company symbol. And what's essentially happening on the right-hand side, you see the blended search. So this is actually searching, just like Google on the web is essentially going and indexing all the data across the web. And when you search for something, it gives you a relevant list of ranked results. That's what we're doing on your internal data sources with access controls, right? And so I only see the data that I have access to across these different systems. You can click on them. You can do previews. You can also connect them to Notebook LM, which I'll talk about in a little bit. On the left-hand side, you'll see this is almost like the Gemini assistant grounded in your enterprise data, right? And so you get answers. You get citations on where these answers are coming from. And we also have built-in web grounding. So you can not only search for internal information, but you can also combine that with external sources. So that was search over a variety of different sources. Now, if you look at content generation, right? So search is essentially saying, let me go find the most relevant information and give you answers. Content generation is saying, let's actually do more, right? So let's create new material, right? Let's maybe, like, you know, write some marketing briefs, some sales collateral, et cetera. We've combined all of that power into agent space. So you can upload and chat with content. Again, this is the whole Gemini capabilities behind the scenes. You can chat with images, documents, audio, video files. You can generate new content. And most importantly, you can take actions in third-party systems, right? And so you can trace the whole workflow of I have an information need. Let me find the information. Let me use that information to generate new content and then take action in third-party systems. Now, this is something that I really wanted to highlight, right? So Gemini, the app, is an amazing chat application. So if you take an example, right? So I asked Gemini what are my highest revenue sales opportunities. It does a fairly good job trying to answer the question. But it's not connected to your enterprise sources like Salesforce, SharePoint, for example. We've taken that same concept. And by connecting it to your sources that are access controlled, I asked the same question on the right-hand side. And this is a real example from agent space connected to Salesforce, SharePoint, et cetera. What are my highest revenue opportunities? It actually goes, finds the data in these connected systems, sends it to Gemini, comes up with an answer in a nicely formatted way, right? And so that's the power of taking what we see on Gemini, the app, and then grounding it on enterprise data sources. Same thing with built-in actions, right? You can create your own actions, too. So I asked Gemini to draft me an email to Symbol's chief technology officer asking for a meeting. And Gemini does produce an output, but it has no idea who Symbol is, who the CTO is, and what the content should be. But if you do the same thing on agent space, because of the knowledge graph, you know, when we connect to a people directory at this fictional company Symbol, it will know who the CTO is, find their email, generate that email, and also create the form for you that you can send that email directly from the application, right? All of agent space is an agent, right? This is a little meta concept, because we do have a planner, we do some reasoning, and we take actions. And so that's how all these things are happening, where you can give a single prompt, and a whole bunch of different things happen behind the scenes to get you your desired outcome. And then Notebook.lm is also integrated into agent space, because one of the things we're trying to do with agent space is make this this unified interface where you can access all the amazing applications that are coming out of Google. And so Notebook.lm, I think we just had a session before this, went viral for kind of like deep research activities, the podcast generation, etc. And so we take these capabilities that are coming out of Google Labs and DeepMind, and we cloudify it in some sense, right? So this is a cloud version of it that is available for you all to set up in GCP and be able to kind of ring fence it with your service parameters, with your encryption keys, etc., for like a highly secure, compliant version of Notebook.lm. And then the really cool thing is, because we're connected to these third-party data sources in agent space, you can also say, hey, look, there's my document in SharePoint, there's a Jira ticket, there's a Confluence document, bring them all into Notebook.lm, right? And so this is a new level of connectivity of input data sources that we're bringing via agent space into Notebook.lm. And then if you've all not checked out the podcast generation of Notebook.lm, you should. That was the thing that took the whole product viral. And now we're bringing that as an API, as a cloud API, so you can generate podcasts and use them in your applications. So I have a little example here that I will try to play. So what I did here was I took this entire slide deck, put it in a podcast generator, and took a sample of that podcast. So let's hear what it came up with. Can we get the audio, please? All right, everyone, get ready. Today we're going deep on Google's AI agent platform, agent space. We're using their presentation from Google Cloud Next 25 as our roadmap. It's pretty dense stuff, but we're here to make sense of it all for you. Right, we'll pull out the key takeaways. So by the end of this, you'll know exactly what agent space is and why it's making waves. And we'll break down those shiny new features. All right, we'll just stop there. It is a pretty dense deck, and it's a dense podcast. So we talked about search. We talked about generation, all grounded on your enterprise content. The third big value proposition, and this is what our customers are loving, is the idea that we can bring all the different agents in your enterprise together in one location. So just like we're trying to solve the data fragmentation with search, where you've got data proliferation, all these systems, search in a system gives you a consistent layer on top, we see basically an agent proliferation problem showing up. So lots of folks are building agents in the enterprise. It's only going to get easier. We want all of them to come together in agent space, right? So agent space is your front door for agents, right, for your end users. So regardless of where those agents are built, you could build them in high code with, like, the agent development kit that we announced or any other framework. We'll talk about a no-code, low-code builder environment for citizen developers. You can go to the Google Cloud Marketplace, and we announced a very robust partner program there. We've got hundreds of agents showing up that you can procure from Marketplace. And we are launching first-party Google agents as well, right, so that we talked about, you may have seen the keynote. So all of these things come together. So your end users have one surface to access those. So I'll just very quickly go through the new developments. This is just going to be a bunch of slides flying through. The agent gallery is almost like the app store, your private agent store within the company where all these agents come together, right? So the Google agents, agents made by your development teams as well as my personal agents that I make for myself. Just double-clicking on the Google-provided agents, we launched a new deep research agent. So this is very similar to the deep research in Gemini, except now we are connected to your enterprise data sources and the web, right? And so you ask a complex question of, how should I be thinking of launching, you know, a new product in, say, Southeast Asia. It looks at your existing repositories for what you've done in the past, plus the web, comes up with a plan, reasons, and gives you a very deep research answer to that. Idea generation agent, this is something I'm super excited about. If you've heard about what we launched a few weeks ago with co-scientists, we've actually come up with a system that not only does research, but generates new ideas. This is almost like having your own brainstorming buddy at work who's like, you know, you're sparring ideas, improving them, and coming up with better ones. We've built a multi-agent system for this, right? So you can give it a complex topic, and we're having a lot of fun with this internally. We're saying, you know, how do we solve climate change? What are some new agents that agent space should build? Or, you know, what, I just tried this. You know, I don't know my bosses here, but, you know, what are some new startup ideas that are going to make a lot of money, and I don't have to do any work, right? So there's a deep research aspect to this, just like the deep research agent. But these are agents arguing with each other, running competitions, almost like a chess tournament, and then the best ideas come up on top, along with, like, you know, an implementation plan, some pros and cons, and what do you do next, right? So this is a true example of a multi-agent system that we're building. This is available as preview of the product. And then coming soon is an integration with Looker and BigQuery. We get a lot of questions about doing analytics agents. This is a hard problem, generally. So can you connect to, like, BigQuery and other data sources and build agents that do natural language analytics for them? And so we're building this with the Looker team, so this should be out in about a month or so. So that was all about, like, the pre-configured Google agents. Now let's jump into building your own agents, right? I'm sure you saw a lot of announcements about the agent development kit and the agent runtime engine. So you can build agents over there and publish to agent space, right? So we're integrated between these two systems. You can also build agents in third-party frameworks, you know, like Landgraf and others. Like I said before, agent space is agnostic to how you build or who builds it. We want to be your single pane of glass for discovery and access of these agents. Then the agent designer is something that we just announced, right? So your developers and AI specialists are building with code, and then your citizen developers are building in the no-code agent, right? This no-code builder and agent designer is connected to a variety of different tools, including the connectors that you set up, so it has access to data, has access to all the actions I talked about, and this allows you to automate simpler workflows. Maybe you're reading from Salesforce, you're doing some analysis, creating a summary, sending an email. So we should all be able to build agents like that without calling our developers, right? And this is our attempt at democratizing agent building. There'll be a lot more of this coming out in the next few weeks to months. And then finally, I talked about the Google Cloud Marketplace. This is our way of saying, you know, there'll be lots of interesting, valuable agents built by the ecosystem, right? So as customers, you're probably thinking of a few use cases. We're thinking of a few, but there's like the wisdom of like all the agent builders out there. So we've got many different partners building really solid agents, making them available on the marketplace for you all to go take a look at and consider them for bringing into agent space. So we talked about search generation, the front door for agents, and the last thing I want to talk about is, I'm sure top of mind for all of you, is how does all this come together in the enterprise? So we'll just share a few things. The first thing is agent space is now integrated into Chrome Enterprise. So if you're using Chrome Enterprise, right in that, we call that the Omnibox, but the URL, just like you can search with Google Search, you can now search using agent space. So I could go in there and say, you know, how do I sign up for my 401k? And it routes you to your internal search system from agent space. Super excited about that. And then we're thinking a lot about security, privacy, and trust of these agents, right? So a lot of the questions we get are, you know, who can access the data? How do you make sure the data is private? Is there any sensitive information being leaked with agents? And how do you prevent against agents doing bad things, right? Like rogue agents, et cetera. So we've got a whole bunch of controls that are already in place. The cloud identity access management for who can create and publish these agents. PHI, PII detection, the encryption of all your data within agent space and a lot of industry standard compliance. We're also integrating with Model Armor, which is our new offering of like security and privacy. This sits right between your user prompts and the actual LLMs and agents. and it guards against, you know, safety and try to jailbreak the prompts, sensitive data, et cetera. So this should be coming out again in the next month or so. So we're doing a lot. I think there's just a lot to be also solved in terms of trust governance. So these are all things that we'll be hearing a lot more about in the next few weeks or so. And then finally, all the standard data protections that apply for the models and the APIs in cloud apply also to agent space, right? So we're not looking at the data. No training's happening. We don't, you know, use the data for advertising. This is all sandboxed. You can use your cloud security and compliance. All right. That was a quick tour of what's happening in agent space. Please visit our booths if you haven't. There's lots of different demos across different domains. And so we're really excited to see what you'll all do with it. And with that, I will call up on stage Brendan, who's a digital innovation leader at Avery Dennison, to talk about their work with agent space focused on search. Thank you, Kalian. Thank you very much. Hello, everyone. It's great to see you. Great to be here. My name is Brendan Steffen. I'm a digital innovation leader at Avery Dennison, and I'm responsible for all of the emerging technology experimentation at Avery Dennison. And I've been working with Google very closely the past several months on this little thing called agent space. And for those who don't know much about Avery Dennison, we're a multinational organization with over 33,000 people and employees, and we operate in over 50 countries. So the amount of information and people that we deal with every day is pretty vast. And our products, what we actually build is a bunch of labeling solutions. That may not sound very sexy, but I can assure you the label that was put onto your briefcase to get to the airport and get here was done by us. There was also that little sticker or tag that's itching on the back of your neck on your business shirt. Sorry, that's us too. And even the beer and wine bottle labels that we're holding you back from at this time. Sorry, that's us too. So we're everywhere, and our prominent goal is to bridge the physical with the digital. And we're operating across multiple different verticals and industries, and we've been doing so for quite a while. And in fact, this year, 2025, is our 90th anniversary as a company, and that means that we've been building these solutions for over 90 years with our clients. That means that we have established domain knowledge for well beyond the time that the internet existed, and we've curated lots of knowledge in that time. So what that ultimately has led to, especially in the past 10 years even, we've had nearly 10 acquisitions. So we've inherited into our landscape not only curated domain knowledge, but a vast landscape of systems and knowledge distributed across the organization. So when we've learned about Google Agent Space as being a platform for enterprise search with out-of-the-box connectors to a multitude of applications, we had to jump on this opportunity. So we began with only three integrations out-of-the-box. We have been a Google Workspace customer for over a decade, so that was an obvious choice for knowledge. We also brought in ServiceNow from an IT servicing knowledge-based perspective, as well as Jira for our developer community as well. And what we've done is leveraging the out-of-the-box data connectors, quick setup. I remember working with the Google engineers, literally 15 to 20 minutes we were able to set up these connectors and have data being available in the Google Agent Space environment for us. And what that granted us is an opportunity to test and POC what the value or concept of enterprise search could look like for us. And what we found was pretty surprising. We had participants of a POC across R&D, customer service, manufacturing, operations, and IT across multiple languages as well, mind you. And we presented a test script of prompts to try out Agent Space search and prompting against your source system of record that you have access to. And let's see the difference. What we found was that Agent Space's ability to summarize and aggregate a response across a blended domain of sources yielded and over 9% immediate response quality and improvement just connecting it via Agent Space. So this is a pretty alarming thing because it meant for us that the sum of our parts is really greater than the individual. Even just using our data without having to change anything in our underlying systems, we can improve the quality of information that we grant to our entire employee base. and this is great as a starting point. Enterprise search is just the beginning but what this grants us as well is the platform for agents of the future. So what a context and a blended source context is able to provide us now is a more refined agent that can go back to our source systems. So we're able to get via Enterprise search and via the same data connectors, we can post actions into our data sources as well. So this is really impactful for us because we're not thinking of just the 90 year history of Avery Denison, we're looking to tap into our knowledge and take it to the next 90 years. We're really going to continue to innovate, accelerate our time to value, improve employee experience, and solve some of the industry's greatest challenges with our clients. So we really are making possible with Google Agent Space. Thank you. I'd now like to welcome Matt and Matt. Hey everybody, Matt Jansen here from Gordon Food Service and Matt Paremba here with me also on the Emerging Technology team. And we're very excited to talk about some of our future plans with Agent Space with you and we've been partnering with Google for several months on that. Quick question for you, how many people here use at least four tabs on average in their browser? Raise your hand. Yeah, most everybody. How about 10? I'm going to get doubling in size here. How about 20? Wow. Okay, 40? Very honest. Okay, that's finally starting to get a little fewer there. So that feeling of trying to figure out which browser tab to go to is kind of what we're after with chatbots and agents because we had agents across 13 different digital surfaces at Gordon Food Service and it was already getting confusing where people should go to get information. And so as we started looking across the multi-agent platform landscape, we started to bring in a set of criteria that were important to us. And data is always front and center for us because that's a big way that we establish trust with our customers. We also were interested in this inference layer which would lead to bringing our users to the right bot at the right moment. And then we also wanted to have more people in the organization able to create agents through no-code or low-code options. And we have data across a lot of different systems. So we have SAP, we have Confluence, Jira, Google Workspace, et cetera. And being able to find content and create agents across all of those different platforms that was pretty important for us. Then we also have this ability with Agent Space to do customized connections which becomes a configuration exercise which Matt can talk more about. And we also have a dashboard of data so we can see what people are searching for when they're engaging with the content and clicking through successfully. And that's really important to us because it helps us gauge what content is actually getting usage and helps us to adjust the content curation strategy which we're still figuring out. And the last thing is we wanted a single point of contact. So we have a dedicated URL that people can go to and access agent space immediately and they can just start talking with all these different agents. So Matt's going to talk a little bit more about the most important criteria. Yeah, so building on the criteria that other Matt discussed, pinpointing the three major factors for us first and foremost was data security. it was crucial for our data to not be trained on external models. Agent space guarantees this and also has the built-in respect for access controls list, meaning I can't see information that I don't have access to in third-party systems. Second, the pre-built connections. We can leverage countless of Google engineer development hours with the provided out-of-the-box connections to essential tools that we rely on daily. And finally, the customizable agents. Although the out-of-the-box options are fantastic, we want to also be able to create highly efficient workflows that are specialized for our AI needs at GFS and we can craft those with ADK. Our vision for this multi-agent platform is to move away from those, from juggling those 13 different chat pots strewn across a variety of apps and subdomains and prevent bottlenecking progress of AI development and inspiration to the output of a single development team. We wanted to build a collaborative ecosystem that enables employees across the company, regardless of technical skill level, to be able to build agents that work for them and publish them to their team or the rest of their company. We want agents, too, that can collaborate not just with humans but other agents. So in terms of actually using agent space, the first use case is, of course, just discovering knowledge, universal knowledge discovery across all the different systems that I mentioned. So the first two that we set up were ServiceNow and then Google Workspace and we're working pretty heavily on some SAP integration and Jira integration. So those are kind of up next in our roadmap and that originally started because we were focusing on reducing calls to our help desk, trying to prevent some of the easier to answer questions from even getting to a human. So we started out with a golden set of queries, 20 different questions, and started to fine-tune the search results with Google's support throughout that process and got some pretty accurate results in the end. And we now have a pilot with over 400 users that are kind of continuing to give us feedback and we're refining that as we go. And so far, we're very happy with the search results. So we also have this concept of, I think you saw earlier, Kalyan was talking about drafting emails. That's something we're pretty excited about, pulling in content from those various sources and drafting an email right inside AgentSpace. We also are directly talking to documents. So when AgentSpace brings something back, you know, have a Q&A back and forth with it and it can pull data from multiple sources as you're collaborating, which is a differentiator from when you're in Gemini pulling in stuff from Workspace, for example. I'll also get into ServiceNow. We also are working on creating tickets, creating issues in JIRA. So the idea is you don't need to know which project to go to, which team is accountable for an issue in ServiceNow. The inference layer should get you to that place and make it easier for our users to figure out how to get support. And another one that we're very excited about is grounded code generation. So hooking it up to all of our GitLab repositories, having our developers have access to that generated code that's based on previous patterns that we already know work within our enterprise. So this is an example that we're using the deep research agent that Kalyan mentioned earlier. And this is already helping us solve some key business problems. For example, we are always struggling to recruit drivers and warehouse workers and retain them. And so this is getting into, okay, what are different ways that we could engage with those constituents and bring them in and keep them with our company longer. And it's already got some very good information in there that we're kind of parsing through and thinking about that we didn't think of previously. Same thing, this is the idea generation agent. This time, we're looking at brand penetration. So how can we think of new ways of creating... This example here is getting at a tastemaker program. So creating compelling content, presenting it in a way that's interesting for people and getting them to engage in the brand in a way that feels like we know them really well. And it's exciting for them to grow their business and we also grow as they grow. So as the fellow developers in the room will know, we didn't get here overnight. It's never quite as easy as promised, right? We've been working with the Google team since October, being a part of the development feedback cycle, breaking stuff, sending log reports back and forth, errors. And we've watched the agent space product grow into the polished version that it is today. First couple of steps, setting up the connectors and using those to search through all the different knowledge sources. We worked through a lot of growing pains with the Google engineering team who are fantastic and now it's a relatively stressless, seamless integration and setup with fantastic blended search across the variety of different knowledge sources that you pull in and connect to. Of course, security is always a concern, gathering the right documentation, filling out risk assessment, all the things we love to do. And perhaps most exciting for us has been that agent exploration. The out-of-the-box agents are great, like scheduling your meetings and generating emails. We're working currently on requesting time off through Workday, but also it's been fantastic to get early access to the agent development kit, the ADK, to see we create a ServiceNow ticket creation which will be out of the box but gave us a fantastic view into how that ADK works and what power it brings and what kind of customized solutions we can do in the future. It's been fantastic to work with the team and we're really thankful for being a part of the journey. So where are we? We have evolved from our small pilot group of just five users to over 400 employees today. We're able to see advanced analytics showing hundreds of queries, search results, click-through rates. We're moving away from that initial sandbox environment into more permanent infrastructure, preparing for advanced security analysis, and hooking up to some of our on-prem software. And our ultimate goal remains to scale agent space to all of our knowledge workers across the company and help them produce as many efficiency-driven agents as possible. GFS is truly stepping forward into the agentic era. We're continuing to automate and drive efficiency with agents that we're shooting to be capable of creating those tickets, documenting knowledge, generating grounded code, analyzing data with natural language, simplifying ERP management, submitting travel expenses, uniting our 13 different chatbots, and so, so much more. The sky has truly been the limit with agent space and we're very excited to continue to develop with it. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.