 Hi, I'm Lili Shalmi and I'm a Product Manager at Google Cloud. For those who missed our session at Next, here's a quick recap of what's new in cross-cloud network security. Since launching the cross-cloud network, we have seen tremendous growth with over 50% of the Fortune 500 companies using our network. We will focus on two core use cases, the first one securing distributed applications and the second one securing global front-end applications. Our approach emphasizes protection on your existing data path without adding network complexity. Our product portfolio has three key themes, enabling robust posture management, delivering advanced threat protection, and fostering an open ecosystem. Starting from the distributed app, we know that while the cloud provides speed and agility, the dynamic nature of the workloads poses security challenges. To address this, we have designed a set of fully-managed security products that enable you to apply the necessary security control without changing your network design. Cloud Next Generation Firewall is our fully-managed distributed firewall built into the network fabric, providing protection right next to each workload. Key enhancement include using network type for rules and the ability to use a single tag to tag instances across the entire organization and then program a tag-based firewall rule to apply specific controls to all the tag instances together. We also announced network security integration, letting you hook certified partner products into the firewall fabric. Also shown here are Cloud Net updates like extending NAT across hybrid connections and NAT64, enabling IPv6 sources to connect to IPv4 addresses. If you are looking to replace your self-managed proxies, our fully-managed secure web proxy, SWIP, is the answer for cloud-native egress control. Key enhancement include using SWIP as a next hub for transparent insertion without any code changes and VPC service control compatibility. We also announced DNS Armor, a new cloud-native service protecting against DNS attacks coming in the second half of the year. It brings together the advanced DNS threat detection technology from InfoBlocks and Google Cloud Native product experience, with fully-managed signature updates and integration with Logging, Security Command Center, and Google SecOps. Now, let's shift to the global front-end. Google's global front-end solution lets you deliver, scale, and protect internet-facing web services, whether hosted in Google Cloud, in other clouds, or even on-prem. This is achieved through a global infrastructure of Load Balancer and CDN. We'll cover innovations across four products. The first one, Cloud Armor, is our DDoS protection and web application firewall. We're simplifying security management with the launch of hierarchical security policies, which means that you can create a security policy at the org level, which then will be inherited down to the folders and projects underneath it. This lets you create consistent protection for your entire organization. Other enhancements include the new DDoS dashboard and support for address groups. The second product is ReCAPTCHA Enterprise. ReCAPTCHA Enterprise is our fraud and abuse protection service. New highlights include network defense, fraud bot protection without requiring any application code changes, and SMS defense to detect and prevent SMS fraud. The third product is service extensions. Service extensions provide a way, an open ecosystem, to integrate with our security partners, or customize the data plane for your specific needs. A new feature, plugins, lets you insert custom code directly into the Load Balancer data paths using WebAssembly, RASM. It is also optimized for low latency. And lastly, fourth, we launch a new product, Model Armor, providing multi-model, multi-cloud support to secure AI workloads. It mitigates risk like data leakage, offensive content, and prompt ejection attacks. It has a built-in integration with Vertex AI and an upcoming Load Balancer service extension. Lastly, I want to thank Tracy, my colleague, and our two customer speakers, Mark from Genion, Parts, and Joel from UKT, who co-presented with me in this session. Thank you.